Website Text Content for techpearl
==================================================

/ route:
------------------------------
Top AWS Serverless Software Development Company in US and India Skip to content Services Products Technologies Case Studies Blogs About Us Services Products Technologies Case Studies Blogs About Us Contact Us Contact Us Software Services With A Product Attitude Driving Business Growth and Transformation! Custom Software, Process Automation, AI Solutions and Advanced Analytics to elevate your business Get Started View Our Work Top AWS Serverless Development Company We build custom software solutions Take your business to a whole new level through expertly crafted software products and solutions Get Started View Our Work SERVICES Software Services With A Product Attitude At Techpearl, we specialize in Custom Software Development, Business Process Automation, AI Enablement, and Advanced Analytics to accelerate business success. Whether you’re testing an MVP, launching new products, automating processes, or upgrading to the latest tech, our innovative solutions provide the exact results that delight clients and drive growth.We operate with transparency and predictability, maintaining a high standard to address your diverse business challenges and meet customer requirements. SERVICES Software Services With A Product Attitude We always work with a high level of transparency and predictability to meet your diverse business challenges and customer needs. Since 2013, Techpearl has been assisting customers globally to achieve their goals. As a reliable provider of technology solutions, Techpearl develops creative software solutions to tackle real-life issues. Whether the objective is to create new products, automate current processes, or update products to modern technologies, Techpearl’s approach, methods, and solutions offer precise outcomes that surpass expectations and please clients.We operate with transparency and predictability, maintaining a high standard to address your diverse business challenges and meet customer requirements. Best in Class Web Development Best in Class Web Development Web Development We offer end-to-end customized web development solutions starting from concept and design to development, migration and support. Our web application services bring significant value to our clients and deliver tangible business results in this dynamic, fast changing digital landscape. Leverage our rich experience in angular and react frameworks Django Angular React Mobile App Development Mobile App Development We build highly responsive-fast mobile apps that offer exceptional user experiences across screens without sacrificing look and feel. Our professional development team goes all out to tailor the mobile app you need for your iOS and Android users across industries including E-Commerce, Collaboration, EdTech, Event Management, Security and more IOS App Development Android App Development Ionic App Development Custom Software Development Our custom software development solutions meet your specific business needs and targets, giving you the requisite edge. We can develop custom solution for you be it writing microservices to enhance your existing system performance or develop a multi-channel, multi-platform solution for your rapidly growing business needs Software Consultancy We analyse your business pain-points and help you find optimum solutions. From an outsourced CTO to process transformation, we can help you with our consultancy and take you through your digital transformation OUR Case Studies Our expertise lies in crafting cutting-edge software solutions for start-ups and enterprises alike. Our portfolio showcases a range of innovative projects from different industries. Browse through our selected works to see our capabilities in action. Accelera offers a wide array of logistics services backed by advanced technology solutions. The solutions cover diverse requirements including supply chain optimization, freight management, warehousing and distribution services. View More Built Using Django Python Postgres SQL Ionic Angular AWS EC2 View More SEMBA provides an enterprise level B2B digital cloud commerce platform. It provides an Amazon-like experience with AI, Analytics, B2B Processes and supply chain solutions for wholesalers, distributors, manufacturers, retailers and franchises. Customizable order and invoice management, multiple payment gateway support, Built in ERP integration makes Semba a very powerful platform that enables quick go to market for existing businesses. View More Built Using Django Python Postgres SQL Ionic Angular AWS EC2 View More Swae is an all-in-one decision making and governance tool empowering the next generation of Web3 DAO(Decentralized Autonomous Organization) communities. Techpearl continues to work as the technology partner to Swae since 2017 and handles the end to end product development covering deployment of engineering processes & tools. AWS serverless architecture was adopted to provide a cost effective solution. View More Built Using AWS Lambda AWS Amplify Dynamo DB AWS Cognito ReactJS AWS Athena AWS SES View More View More The project focuses on the development and deployment of IoT-driven Industry 4.0 solutions designed to enable real-time monitoring, generate data-driven insights, and digitize shop floor operations for maximum productivity. Delivered as a SaaS-based Industry 4.0 platform, it caters to sectors such as Manufacturing, Energy, Telecom, Retail, and more. The platform enhances operational visibility, streamlines process monitoring, and provides customized applications to transform shop floor activities, driving efficiency and innovation. View More View More Winning With People is an innovative HR solution designed to transcend traditional employee engagement methods, empowering organizations to harness the untapped potential of their workforce to drive business strategies into actionable outcomes. This AI-enabled platform, built on deep HR expertise and cutting-edge people science, actively listens to employee voices, transforms feedback into actionable insights, and provides targeted recommendations for managers and leaders. View More View More WindowSwap lets users travel without moving. It is a place on the internet where all travel hungry people share their ‘window views’ or view the ‘window views’ of others. Each window is a looping 10-minute slice of simple, pleasant daily life. View More View More PrintXchg is a true BID/ASK marketplace – like a stock market. Like stocks, prints are sold in multiple numbers in an “IPO” (Initial Publishing Offer) and then can be resold. Until now, resale took place at auction houses or through dealers. Now it can happen through PrintXchg! View More AWS SERVERLESS Experts in building serverless applications Modern applications are built serverless, a strategy that prioritizes the adoption of serverless services, to increase agility throughout your application stack. Faster to Market By eliminating operational overhead, MVPs can be released quickly to market. Increased Innovation With a modular architecture, changes to any individual application component can be made quickly, and with a lower risk to the whole application. Reduced Costs With a pay-for-value pricing model, modern applications reduce the cost of over-provisioning or paying for idle resources. Adapt at Scale With technologies that automatically scale from zero to peak demands, needs can be adapted faster than ever. No Devops Leverage managed services for compute, storage and other integration services. Improved Reliability By automating test procedures, and monitoring at every stage of the development lifecycle, modern applications are reliable at deployment. HOW WE WORK – An Agile Lean Development Model REVIEWS What Clients Say? "Thanks to Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd., the client enjoys a significant decrease in the number of errors in fieldwork as well as a streamlined report generation process. The team delivers on time and provides reliable, timely support. Their receptiveness to scope changes and feedback stands out." Spiro DongarisPrincipalAthenica Environmental Services, Inc. "Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd. achieved consistent results and successful outputs from the product. The team delivered on time and managed the project effectively. The client was impressed with Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd.'s ability to make adjustments and solve problems quickly." ArmanCo-FounderStylis AI "During our close collaboration for over 2 years building a social B2C iOS app, Arathi and Sen’s patience and expert guidance taught me the essence of what I know about good pratices in software development today. They were responsible for building the server and chose Node before it was cool, always delivering on time and with excellent quality. There are no more capable hands that I know of." Ulysse SabbagCEO & Founder of Columize "I have known Arathi and Senthil for nearly 25 years. They are known to deliver high quality software on time." Luis TalaveraEx-Microsoft and Serial Entrepreneur "Our Serverless setup has come beautiful. Thanks to you guys. We built a small tool, serverless took some time, but once setup the whole thing feels like a dream." Shiva MaranCEO and Founder of Hirewand Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd. has performed well in terms of project management. They deliver on time and within budget. Their strength is knowing what architecture to pursue and why. They care about the success of every single one of our projects, even their founders. Soushiant ZanganehpourCEO & Founder of Swae Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd has deep expertise in AWS serverless applications and related services. The are highly responsive to customer requests and deliver services reliably as per commitment. Vijayalakshmi KrishnamoorthyFounder, Vegan Spring The team at Techpearl was absolutely a pleasure to work with. They delivered high-quality work in a timely manner that met and exceeded our own expectations. I would use their services again and give an uncompromised recommendation. Daniel WendtPrintXchg BLOGS Read everything regarding our service Uncategorized React vs. Angular: Choosing the Right Framework for Your Project React vs. Angular: Choosing the Right Framework for Your Project In the world of frontend development, React and Angular are two of the most popular Trupti Panchal Uncategorized Amazon Q for Developers: Level Up Your Productivity with AI Amazon Q Developer is AWS’s new generative AI assistant purpose-built to transform the workflow of software developers and IT professionals. Unlike generic AI chatbots, Amazon Vinod Charan Kumar Uncategorized Copilot Coding Agent: A Workflow Shift Through Real-World Use From Doubt to Integration When GitHub introduced Copilot Coding Agent, it felt like just another experimental AI tool. I wasn’t expecting it to significantly change Surya Dharmakrishnan View More We build custom software solutions, faster hassle-free with quality Get Started Copyrights © 2025 All Rights Reserved by Techpearl Software Pvt Ltd. Company Software Development Case Studies Blogs Technologies Contact Us Privacy Policy Career We are Hiring Our Services Web Development AWS Serverless Software Consultancy Django Development Custom Development Explore More App Development iOS App Development Android App Development Ionic App Development Contact Us 501, 5th Cross Road, HMT Layout, R T Nagar, Bengaluru 560032 +91 98452 00552 +91 76762 86873 info@techpearl.com We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie SettingsAcceptManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT Services Products Technologies Case Studies Blogs About Us Contact Us Get In Touch With Us Submit

==================================================

