Website Text Content for bnmit
==================================================

/ route:
------------------------------
Top Engineering College in Bangalore, India - BNMIT Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports This post was last updated on September 2nd, 2025 For Admissions Contact         Click here for BNMIT Brochure         PM Vidyalaxmi Scheme         ICASAM Conference         IEEE - National level Hardware Hackathon         IEEE International Conference         Graduation Day 2025 Photos DEPARTMENTS Click on the Department names to Know more Department of Artificial Intelligence & Machine LearningDepartment of Computer Science & EngineeringDepartment of Electronics & Communication EngineeringDepartment of Electrical & Electronics EngineeringDepartment of Information Science & EngineeringDepartment of Mechanical EngineeringDepartment of Training & PlacementInnovation and Entrepreneurship Development CenterDepartmentof PhysicsDepartment of MathematicsDepartment of ChemistryDepartment of Business Administration Artificial intelligence & Machine LearningArtificial Intelligence and Machine Learning course is approved by AICTE-VTU from the academic year 2020-2021.We are starting our exciting journey in the year of 2020, with a sanctioned student strength of 120.Click here to know more about AIML at BNMIT Mechanical  EngineeringThe Mechanical Engineering branch was started in the academic year 2011-2012. All the laboratories have been established with full-fledged facilities. The Department has a team of well-qualified members of staff, with a blend of industrial and academic experience.Click here -> Mechanical Engineering webpage Department of PhysicsThe Physics Department has enthusiastic and academically experienced teaching and technical staff. Currently, the Department has three doctorate holders and the other faculty members have registered for their Ph.D. programme.Click here for Physics Department webpage Innovation and Entrepreneurship DevelopmentBNMIT – Entrepreneurship Development Cell received NewGen IEDC grant of Rs.2.87 crores from the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India for the period 2017-2022.New Generation Innovation and entrepreneurship development Centre programme (NewGen IEDC) is launched by the National Science and technology Entrepreneurship Development Board (NSTEDB), Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, to hand hold young entrepreneurs in campus to develop their prototypes.Click here to know more about IEDC at BNMIT Electronics & Communication EngineeringThe Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, established in the year 2001, has a present intake of 120 students. It has well qualified, experienced and dedicated faculty with qualifications obtained from premier research institute like the Indian Institute of Science.Click here to know more about ECE at BNMIT Information Science & EngineeringThe Department of Information science and Engineering was established in the year 2001 with an intake of 60. The department has qualified and dedicated faculty members to provide quality education to students. The department is accredited by NBA for the academic years 2018-19 to 2024-25 and valid up-to 30.6.2025Click here to know more about ISE at BNMIT Department of ChemistryThe Department has highly qualified, dedicated and enthusiastic faculty. It aims to impart high quality education by inspiring students to come out to compete globally in order to develop scientific outlook, overall with analytical mind giving due importance to Basic Science and its Application in Engineering Science.Click here for Chemistry department webpage Computer Science & EngineeringDepartment of Computer Science and Engineering at BNMIT started in the year 2001 with an intake of 60 and present intake is 180. The Department is renowned for imparting state of the art education with well qualified and dedicated faculty members.Click here to know more about CSE at BNMIT Electrical & Electronics EngineeringThe Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, established in the year 2002, has a present intake of 60 students. The Department is renowned for imparting state-of-the-art education with well qualified and dedicated faculty members.Click here to know more about EEE at BNMIT Management Studies – MBAThe Management program at BNMIT is a professional 2-year PG program with dual specialization. The curriculum designed by VTU (Visvesvaraya Technological University) is such that it provides the students best of the opportunities and a promising launch pad for careers.Click here for webpage of MBA Department of MathematicsThe Department has highly experienced and committed faculty to disseminate knowledge to the students in a befitting manner, clubbed with necessary Mathematical Skills.Owing to this reason, the excellent results are recorded consistently. The students are reaping rich dividends in the domain of engineering.Click for Mathematics Department webpage Department of Training & PlacementThe Department of Training and Placement at BNMIT is an active centre organizing various training & career development activities all through the year. The objective is to enhance the employability skills of students. The department is also the point of contact for companies seeking to establish a fruitful relationship BNMIT.Know more about Placements at BNMIT WHY BNMIT BNMEI – B.N.M Educational Institutions was established by the trust Bhageerathi Bai Narayana Rao Maanay Charities in the year 1972. The Managing Trustee Shri. N. Raghunath Rao Maanay along with Prof. Sunanda P Jadhav the founder Secretary and Principal founded the institution with a focused vision to impart value based quality education irrespective of social, financial or religious status. Prof. Sunanda P. Jadhav strived to provide education at affordable cost especially to the girl child and her unstinted efforts yielded highly commendable results. From a humble beginning the BNM group of Educational Institutions is now a leader in the field of education, providing the most modern education while maintaining the rich cultural heritage of the great India. Why BNMITClick here for BNMIT BrochureCAMPUS TOUR Your browser does not support HTML video. Click here to access Digital LibraryPROGRAMMES Department of Artificial Intelligence & Machine LearningArtificial intelligence & Machine LearningArtificial Intelligence and Machine Learning course is approved by AICTE-VTU from the academic year 2020-2021.We are starting our exciting journey in the year of 2020, with a sanctioned student strength of 120.Read More Department of Computer Science & EngineeringComputer Science & EngineeringDepartment of Computer Science and Engineering at BNMIT started in the year 2001 with an intake of 60 and present intake is 120. The Department is renowned for imparting state of the art education with well qualified and dedicated faculty members.Read More Department of Electronics & Communication EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringThe Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering, established in the year 2001, has a present intake of 120 students. It has well qualified, experienced and dedicated faculty with qualifications obtained from premier research institute like the Indian Institute of Science.Read More Department of Electrical & Electronics EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringThe Department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering, established in the year 2002, has a present intake of 60 students. The Department is renowned for imparting state-of-the-art education with well qualified and dedicated faculty members.READ MORE Department of Information Science & EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringThe Department of Information science and Engineering was established in the year 2001 with an intake of 60. The department has qualified and dedicated faculty members to provide quality education to students. The department is accredited by NBA in 2017 for a period of 3 years from the academic year 2017-18 to 2020-21.Read More Department of Mechanical EngineeringMechanical  EngineeringThe Mechanical Engineering branch was started in the academic year 2011-2012. All the laboratories have been established with full-fledged facilities. The Department has a team of well-qualified members of staff, with a blend of industrial and academic experience.Read More Department of Training & PlacementDepartment of Training & PlacementThe Department of Training and Placement at BNMIT is an active centre organizing various training & career development activities all through the year. The objective is to enhance the employability skills of students. The department is also the point of contact for companies seeking to establish a fruitful relationship BNMIT.Read More Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development CenterInnovation and Entrepreneurship DevelopmentThe Department of Training and Placement of BNMIT is an active centre throbbing with various activities all through the year. The institute has complete infrastructure for effective functioning of the department.Read More Department of PhysicsDepartment of PhysicsThe Physics Department has enthusiastic and academically experienced teaching and technical staff. Currently, the Department has two three doctorate holders and the other faculty members have registered for their Ph.D. programme.Read More Department of MathematicsDepartment of MathematicsThe Department has highly experienced and committed faculty to disseminate knowledge to the students in a befitting manner, clubbed with necessary Mathematical Skills.Owing to this reason, the excellent results are recorded consistently. The students are reaping rich dividends in the domain of engineering.Read More Department of ChemistryDepartment of ChemistryThe Department has highly qualified, dedicated and enthusiastic faculty. It aims to impart high quality education by inspiring students to come out to compete globally in order to develop scientific outlook, overall with analytical mind giving due importance to Basic Science and its Application in Engineering Science.Read More Department of Management StudiesManagement Studies – MBAThe Management program at BNMIT is a professional 2-year PG program with dual specialization. The curriculum designed by VTU (Visvesvaraya Technological University) is such that it provides the students best of the opportunities and a promising launch pad for careers.Read More HIGHLIGHTS OF BNMITCentres of Excellence Bridging Innovation & IndustryBNMIT takes pride in housing 12 Centres of Excellence, which serve as innovation hubs, equipping students with cutting-edge skills, real-world exposure, and opportunities for breakthrough developments.Technology & Innovation Hubs🔹 Smart Tech 🔹 AR/VR & 3D 🔹 EV (Electric Vehicles) 🔹 Clean & Green🔹 Health Tech🚀 Innovate. Collaborate. Excel 🚀 Industry Collaborations & MoUs 50+ Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) with leading companies across various sectors to strengthen industry-academia partnerships.Industry-Integrated Centres🔹 Samsung R&D Institute India- PRISM Program🔹 CISCO-BNM CoE in Networking🔹 UiPath: Automation Anywhere – RPAEmpowerment & Skill Development🔹 Honeywell Women Empowerment Program🔹 Capgemini Women Empowerment ProgramSpecialized Research & Engineering🔹 Centre for High Voltage Testing & Design🔹 Automotive Technology – Toyota Intellectual Property & Innovation Innovation is at the heart of BNMIT. We take immense pride in our 125+ Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) filed across various domains. Many of these patents have already been granted, while several others are in the final stages of approval. Our strong focus on research, innovation, and industry collaboration has enabled faculty and students to develop groundbreaking solutions with real-world impact. With a robust ecosystem that supports ideation, prototyping, and patent filing, we continue to drive technological advancements and entrepreneurship on our campus. Academic Excellence Securing 110 university ranks from VTU since its inception is a testament to the hard work of the faculty and students.192 gold medals! These medals are a combination of those awarded by VTU and given by BNMIT. This shows a commitment to recognizing and rewarding outstanding performance at all levels.Scholarships and MotivationIt’s really commendable that BNMIT dedicates scholarships every year, to motivate and support its top-performing students.By rewarding and encouraging high achievers in various categories, BNMIT is fostering a culture of healthy competition and inspiring students to strive for their best. Extra Curricular & holistic development Magnificent Cultural TeamBNMIT’s cultural team has always secured a place among the top 5 colleges since inception at the annual VTU cultural festivals. Our students have won the championship taking No.1 position in 2010, 2018 and 2023 among more than 200 colleges coming under VTU.Marvelous Sports TeamBNMIT Sports with the aim of grooming the students to sports persons extends the extensive training and coaching driven by students and monitored by the mentors.CLUBS @ BNMITBNMIT ponders 15+ Student clubs offering splendid opportunities for students to get trained, to Excel and to gain Leadership in diverse domains such as Nature Club, Photography, Adventure, Coding, Bloom-Physical and Mental wellness, TEDx, Quiz, Robotics & Drone, Graphics, NCC, NSS and many more. Accreditations & Rankings 🔹 All Eligible Engineering branches have been accredited by National Board of Accreditation (NBA) for the academic years 2018-19 to 2024-25 and valid up-to 30.6.2025🔹 Grade “A” Institute by NAAC since 30/10/2017 up to 31/12/2026🔹 35th Rank in All India Data Quest – 2025🔹 15th Rank in South India TIMES Survey – 2024🔹 23rd Rank in All India Insight Survey – 2023🔹 29th Rank in All India IIRF – 2023 Summer InternshipsIIT RoorkeeAccoladesFellowshipPlacementsExtracurricularSummer Internships Every year students are selected for summer internships at Old Dominion University, Norfolk, Virginia on various fields of technology based on Analytic skills, Interview and Academic records. IIT Roorkee Batch of CSE branch students have participated and secured first and second prizes in Robofeast conducted by IIT Roorkee, India. Also, participated in Malaysia and USA. Accolades Vasudev, of EEE branch has participated in MANTHAN conducted by Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FKCCI) and won the cash prize of Rs. 1,00,000/-. Also started his own company M/s. Reverb Instruments for selling acoustic electric violin to overseas countries. Fellowship Students Of Mechanical branch has been selected for integrated Ph.D., at IISC., Bengaluru on a fellowship from Raman Research Institute, Bengaluru . He is one among the team member selected for IISC., and also for South Pole Expedition Team 2018. Placements Prajwal V Rao of Mechanical branch has been selected as Sub-Lieutenant-Permanent Service Commission (Executive) for Indian Navy. Extracurricular BNMIT always among the top three positions in the State youth & cultural festival conducted by the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Karnataka. PLACEMENTS Extensive Industry Connections: Over 150 companies recruit graduates annually.Competitive Salaries: The average offered salary is Rs.6.2 LPA.Global Opportunities: Students have secured international placements.High-Value Packages: The highest salary offered consistently exceeds Rs.30 LPAStrong Placement Record: More than 70% of students are placed each year.Lucrative Internships: Students secure internships with stipends reaching up to Rs.50,000 per month. Read MoreNEWS Future Scope and Opportunity in Certifications and Specializations for MBA Students November 13, 2023 Read More Old NewsBLOGS Education Connectivity in Rural Areas of India Amidst Covid-19 Author - Dr Venkatesh, Professor, Department... Read More Incivility Author - Prof. Madhura Prakash, Assistant... Read More Old BlogsUPCOMING EVENT IEEE International Conference IEEE – National level Hardware Hackathon TESTIMONIALS AlumniStudentParent Sneha PrasadI have received a lot of blessings at BNMIT, a strong foundation in CS and lifelong friendships with everyone on campus! Invaluable lessons came from being part of Kalabhageerathi cultural team. Respect for art, working hard to win, wearing multiple hats, growing into responsibility, earning trust, these qualities make me. I am proud to say that I learnt them from Guru NSP Sir and my talented peers. These experiences might be reflective of any engineering student, but BNMIT is special because of Nature Club and its driving force Maanay Sir. Meticulously planned trips, learning about forests, wildlife, meeting Conservationists, world class Photographers, developed in us a reverence for nature, it was holistic education of the highest order.Year of Graduation: 2009 (CSE)Current Designation: Senior Software Engineer, Nebbiolo TechnologiesAchievements: Master of Engineering in Computer Science, Cornell University, USA Varun Vivek JThe stage was set for me to grow my potential in all possible directions. Being an extremely eco-friendly college, BNMIT always made sure to teach me how to take good care of the nature and save it for the future generation.Year of Graduation: 2014 (CSE)Current Designation:  Senior Analyst, EcoEnergy InsightsSurabhi S KadurNo journey becomes a successful one unless one has a strong foundation. BNMIT provided me with a platform to explore my interest towards technical subjects, the coding and pattern print competitions conducted during the fest motivated me more towards my passion. BNMIT is a complete blend of studies with art, exposure to fields of singing by conducting BNM Idol, the dance competitions, the technical competitions and much more makes it a perfect place to enjoy and learn.Year of Graduation: 2016 (CSE)Current Designation: Software Development Engineer, MicrosoftAchievements: Master’s from IIT, KharagpurBishwas PraveenWhat we’ve accomplished is a droplet and we haven’t is an ocean. Thank you BNMIT for being my cardinal thrust towards my droplet and truly an inspiration to look towards an ocean of opportunities out there. Keep up the great work and go strong. Cheers!Year of Graduation: 2017 (CSE)Current Designation: Student (Ph.D. in Artificial Intelligence)Achievements: M.S. in Artificial Intelligence from The University of Alabama in Huntsville, USAChaitra NagarajMy journey at BNMIT was a very memorable one. BNMIT as an institute is known for its ability to inculcate values and discipline in addition to the knowledge imparted. The professors take ample efforts in grooming and transforming every student into highly skilled professionals which played a key role in giving a fresh outlook and dimension to my career.As an alumnus, I have great admiration and respect for all the faculty and staff of the institution.Year of Graduation: 2013 (CSE)Current Designation: Senior R&D Engineer, Nokia NetworksAchievements: 7th Rank in VTUPrashasth Baliga BantwalBNMIT has been the playground where I could build my foundations and interact with a diverse set of fellow students which has played a vital role today in handling customers at a global levelYear of Graduation: 2015 (CSE)Current Designation: Sr. Cybersecurity Consultant - Customer Success, Palo Alto Networks, SingaporeAshish RamakrishnanReminiscing my student days, I can say with complete conviction, that BNMIT has played a huge part in making me the person I am today. Not only was I guided with the right education, but also supported with all round development and life skills. I will remain eternally grateful to all the lecturers, staff members and fellow students; in particular the following three important influencers:Prof T.J.Ramamurthy - the most organized and disciplined leader I’ve ever known. You have strongly influenced my professional conduct.Shri. Narayan Rao Maanay - a walking encyclopaedia, full of life and passion. You have inspired me to live life to the fullest.Prof. N. Sheshaprasad - for all the encouragement and support in my pursuit of music. You have motivated me to always keep my music going.As John Adams said, “There are two educations. One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live”. BNMIT gave me both.Year of Graduation: 2006 (ISE)Current Designation: Software Test Lead (Foodstuffs North Island Ltd), Singer (Freelance)Achievements: Winner of Zee Saregama, hosted by Sonu NigamNamrata SimhaMy experience at BNMIT was very wholesome in that apart from being very focused on academics, I also got the opportunity to extensively work on various co-curricular and extra-curricular activities. The times I spent with the Kalabhageerathi and Tatva teams and events are some that I hold closest to my heart. I gained lifelong mentors in my professors and lifelong friends in my peers and learned a great deal through the entire amazing journey.Year of Graduation: 2016 (ISE)Current Designation: Perception Engineer for Autonomous Driving at Visteon CorporationAchievements: Master's degree in Computer Science from the University of California Santa Cruz (UCSC), USAJayanth P BellurMy journey at BNMIT laid the foundation for many things I am doing today. BNMIT not only provides technical education but also provides importance to the overall development of an individual. Academics, sports, extra-curricular and co-curricular activities are all given equal importance at BNMIT.The multi-tasking skill that we acquired preparing for and during inter collegiate and inter University fests participating in 5-6 events in 4 days has been my biggest learning at BNMIT. It taught us skills like Team management, event management, organization. Our professor and cultural coordinator has played a pivotal role in shaping many talents at BNMIT. The immense support provided by our director TJR sir, secretary Narayan Rao Maanay Sir has played a key role too in the overall development of many  individualsYear of Graduation: 2011 (ISE)Current Designation: Managing Director, High voltage Equipments CompanyAchievements: MBA from Tapmi, ManipalGanesh Kumar MI was a student of ISE department batch: 2014-2018 at BNMIT. BNMIT really gave me a very good learning environment. Highly knowledgeable faculties of ISE department played a vital role in getting my fundamentals of the subjects strong. And Innovative projects labs, which are conducted in every semester, where we build a real world application helped me a lot in building my analytical and programming skills. Training provided by the Placement and Training department of BNMIT made sure, that we are skilled in all the current requirements of the industry, helping us crack many interviews.Year of Graduation: 2018 (ISE)Current Designation: Currently pursuing M.Tech in Data Science from Amrita UniversityAkshay AnandBNM Institute of Technology has been a guiding force in grooming me to face the challenges out there both academically and culturally, the amount of encouragement that was given to me during these 4 years was massive and I had a wonderful time. I would like to take this moment to thank all my teachers and the college for giving me this great opportunity.Year of Graduation: 2019 (ISE)Current Designation: Associate Application developer at Coextrix TechnologiesAchievements: Professional Mridangam artiste, recipient of the famous ‘MS Subbulakshmi Fellowship Award’ from ‘Sri Shanmukhananda Fine Arts and Sangeetha Sabha’, Mumbai. An ‘A’ graded artiste from the All India Radio, Bangalore and the youngest to be invited to perform at The Madras Music Academy in Chennai.Kishore JonnavittulaI'm thankful to all the professors at BNMIT, in enabling me to gain strong engineering fundamentals and a good work ethic. I was able to find mentors to guide me in projects related to advanced design concepts that were aligned with my career goalsYear of Graduation: 2012 (ECE)Current Designation: Physical Design CAD Engineer, Apple, USAAchievements: MS, University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, USATejaswini S RamBNMIT has been a learning platform for the 4 best years of my life. The faculty and staff are brilliant and very helpful. They have been supportive of us through all our projects and coursework. The labs are well equipped and the management has taken care to provide the best of the resources. The peer group was great and the competition was just right for one’s overall development.Year of Graduation: 2016 (ECE)Current Designation:  Senior Design Engineer - High Speed IO Design, Western Digital, California, USAAchievements: MS, Texas A&M University, USAMohith PrabhuIf I were to summarise my education at BNMIT I would say "I learnt how to learn". With the brilliant teachers from whom I had the fortune to learn, I could make sure that my hold on the engineering fundamentals were strong. This has helped me perform well in the opportunities I have got. I am grateful to my alma mater for all the guidance and teaching.Year of Graduation: 2013 (ECE)Current Designation:  Software engineer, Embedded Targets MATHWORKSNamratha NayakDuring my CET counselling back in 2007, BNMIT was the only institute on my mind, despite of having an opportunity to join the then popular institutes. And this is because of the kind of campus culture and morals that it displayed even back then. The reason I've been able to take up various challenges in my life, be it academic, industrial or personal is because of the values that I learnt here, which went hand in hand with the emphasis on ensuring that we were very strong with the basics in our stream!Year of Graduation: 2011 (ECE)Current Designation:  Ph.D. Student at Indian Institute of ScienceAchievements: M.Sc (Engg.) from Indian Institute of ScienceAkshara RaghuMy journey in BNMIT has been an exciting one. The support I received from our professors was immense. I would especially like to thank NSP sir for being a consistent support system in all my extra-curricular activities throughout my years there. Be it Mad Ads, Music, Skit, Dramatics, the encouragement I received was commendable.I can never forget performing Mad Ads and Music with my dearest Kalabhageerathi team members. This institute not only gave me a globally valued engineering degree, but also widely applicable experiential learning. I wholeheartedly thank BNM for making me the person I am today.Year of Graduation: 2013 (EEE)Current Designation: Senior Solutions Consultant Candela LabsAchievements: MBA from Great Lakes Institute of Management. Completed 7 grades in Drums from Trinity College or Music, Guildhall, London.Priyanka BNMy Journey at BNMIT EEE was amazing with many memories to cherish for a lifetime. I am honoured to be a student of BNMIT. I was fortunate to learn from the best professors and I am thankful to them for imbibing great values. I was able to unlock my true potential which inspired to chase my dream. An excellent institute which can guide and nurture aspiring minds.Year of Graduation: 2011 (EEE)Current Designation: Entrepreneur, Co-Founder & CEO, Elcarreira Technologies Pvt. Ltd.Anudeep MBNMIT has played a significant role in shaping my career. The EEE department in particular, has laid the foundation for me to pursue cutting edge research in Power & Energy Systems at a National Laboratory in USA. I will be always grateful to the professors for inculcating the discipline and passion in Electrical Engineering.Year of Graduation: 2011 (EEE)Current Designation: Research Engineer, Idaho National Laboratory, Idaho, USAAchievements: Master's in Electrical Engineering from Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona, USASachith J V D’SouzaMy journey in the Electrical & Electronics Engineering field started at BNMIT, I was tutored by expert and experienced faculty who motivated me, guided me, taught me good basic knowledge in a very interesting way. This helped me in GATE exams, PG studies, and also perform well in my job in the semiconductor industry. I also enjoyed my time at BNMIT by being a part of the distinguished cultural team "Kalabagheerathi", that had won awards in many competitions at VTU cultural fests held each yearYear of Graduation: 2015 (EEE)Current Designation: Application Engineer, Microchip Technology Inc.Achievements: Secured 2nd Rank in PG studies in Power Electronics, RVCE (2017-2019)Akshay KinhalThe experiences of the four years in the campus and a good foundation in the art (science) of electrical engineering have helped shape me for who I'm today. What makes me and my friends' experiences at BNMIT unique from any conventional engineering student are the impetus given to cultural activities and Maanay sir's drive to inculcate sensitivity towards the cause of environmental conservation through Nature Club. I'm grateful to BNMIT for the opportunities, lifelong friendships with everyone on campus and the support of my teachers.Year of Graduation: 2014 (EEE)Current Designation: Energy Analyst and Senior Engineer at Robert Bosch Engineering and Business SolutionsAchievements: M.Tech in Energy Management from Manipal UniversityKarthik MohanYear of Graduation: 2015 (ME)Current Designation: Sr. Manager- Group Strategy Office- CK Birla GroupAchievements: MBA from IIM Calcutta, Batch of 2019Kashyap N PanditThe four years at BNMIT pursuing Mechanical Engineering have been the most memorable and fulfilling years. The balance of academic and co-curricular activities have been instrumental in moulding me into an all-round engineer. I remain grateful for the invaluable experience that i have had at BNMIT.Year of Graduation: 2018 (ME)Current Designation: MSc in Computational Sciences in Engineering, TU Braunschweig, GermanyGagana RavikumarI am very Thankful to the faculties of ME Department as they are very much supportive, helpful and the Placement Cell which is also doing great job by arranging excellent placements of MNCs & good corporate exposure is given to students.Year of Graduation: 2018 (ME)Current Designation: Design engineer, Neviton Softech Pvt. Ltd.Sougandh K.M.BNMIT has played a significant role to nurture one “to be ready” for the corporate world outside the campus gates. Every student at BNMIT today is doing well in his/her career and all credits will be directed towards each of the professors who handheld us to where we are.Batch : 2010-2012Present Designation : Sales Development & Support ManagerPresent Company working : Universal Robots A/S Harshitha BapatThe class activities were learning with fun and encouraged me to overcome stage fear and any kind of complexities. Mock interviews and GD sessions gave me confidence to crack any interview. BNM also gave me opportunities to enter corporate world through campus recruitment.Batch : 2009-2011Present Designation : HR ManagerPresent Company working : TCSMadhusudan RamadyaniStudying in BNMIT was a great learning experience. The institute helped us to stay focused in our careers. We learnt management skills, people skills, Strategic decision-making skills and so on.Batch : 2006-2008Present Designation : Deputy Manager. Risk and CompliancePresent Company working : Deloitee  Touche Tohmatsu LLPBopanna.M.MExcellent teaching fraternity, Core concentration on subject knowledge which helped us to gain competencies.Batch : 2013-2015Present Designation : Assistant Manager-HRPresent Company working : Narayana  HrudayalayaShruthi T RI had a great experience while studying in BNMIT. I would like to thank all the faculty members and the management for guiding me and providing an opportunity to learn something new everyday.Batch : 2012-2014Present Designation : OwnerPresent Company working : S & A Gift Basket, Bangkok Metropolitan AreaAnu SarikashreeThe college life at BNMIT is the most memorable part of my life.Fantastic coaching, driving students towards overall development. The best part of BNMIT was that the Love for nature was very well nurtured.Batch : 2009-2011Present Designation : Recruitment ConsultantPresent Company working : Principal Consultant-Turtle BowlDeepa HiremathWonderful environment, very disciplined, best lecturers, fun filled activities and classes. Overall it was a great experience studying at BNMIT.Batch : 2006-2008Present Designation : Human Resource Business partner leadPresent Company working : Legato health TechnologySHASHANK PRABHAKARI have always been intrigued by everything in computer science, BNMIT from day one injected the right set of skills and confidence in me to go above and beyond in my pursuit of unravelling NP problems. The teachers were patient and were great assets in helping me build my analytical repertoire, a trait I have built my career onYear of Graduation: 2016 (CSE)Current Designation: Software Engineer, Microsoft, Greater Seattle Area, USAAchievements: MS, Rochester Institute of Technology, USASANCHITHA THANAYBNM Institute of Technology provided me the opportunity to explore my interests along with enhancing my technical knowledge. I was an active member of the Editorial Team, NSS and Tatva. Teachers are very supportive and encouraged participation in multiple activities. Being a student representative at Department’s Board Meetings gave me confidence and encouraged me to perform better. Now having graduated I realize the impact BNMIT has on my life and career.Year of Graduation: 2018 (ISE)Current Designation: Student at University College Cork, IrelandKAVYA SRINIVASA SETTYBNMIT has played a huge role in making me the person I am today. I have had the best coaching, supportive faculty and friendly staff members who are always guiding you in the right direction and to top it off, I also made good friends who always supported me in my every step. This has enabled me to perform well and compete confidently. I will always remain grateful to this institution.Year of Graduation: 2012 (ECE)Current Designation: Hardware Design Engineer at Google, California, USAAchievements: MS, University of Southern California, USAANUSHREE RAMNATHMy stay at BNMIT was one of the most memorable and fruitful ones. From studies to extracurricular, I have been able to bring out my best in everything during my stay there. Years later, even today, I cherish the fond memories and look forward to visiting my college whenever possible.Year of Graduation: 2013 (EEE)Current Designation: Ph.D, University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, USAAchievements: MS University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, USAPRAFUL S.It has been an opportunity for holistic growth as BNMIT has fostered a conducive environment to pursue my hobby in Hindustani music in conjunction with my passion in science, engineering and research.Year of Graduation: 2017 (ME)Current Designation: Junior Scientist, AG Extreme Photonik, Institut für Physik, Universität Rostock, GermanyAchievements: Master’s from IISc, Bangalore Amrutha DineshBNMIT is one of the phenomenal colleges here in Bangalore as it focuses not only on academics but also the overall upbringing of a student. This college has excelled in teaching the students discipline and also has influenced every student’s behaviour concerning the basic moral principles. The teachers have always supported us to engage ourselves in extracurricular activities and have given us tons of opportunities to showcase our talents as well. As a student of the mechanical department at BNMIT I can say that, the staff is always well planned and organized as well as friendly, which helps us to communicate better with them, regarding our clarifications on the subject.Semester VIIOmkar N KashyapBNMIT has immense contribution in channelizing my ideas and innovations in the right way. Not just academics, also being a part of BNM Friends of Nature - the Nature Club and Kalabhageerathi - the Cultural club has given me lots of opportunity to grow and learn. I always await the annual trekking and camping organized by BNM Friends of Nature club. These clubs and activities help us focus on our all-round development.The college supported me and my friend and encouraged us to participate in the American Society for Mechanical Engineers (ASME) E-Fest Asia Pacific, 2020, an international platform for budding engineers.Semester VIIVighnesh NandavarNever question elder’s advice as they are always attached with a concern.Keeping this in mind, the one thing I always feel happy about is my senior’s suggestion in selecting BNMIT as a career foundation, mainly focused on the quality of teaching.  After the college began, I was surprised to see the number of extra-curricular activities apart from that of academics. After days, I started getting involved in those activities; Cultural Team – Kalaabhaageerathi; B.N.M Friends of Nature Club. I began to enjoy the college life from the day I was provided the opportunity in participating in the Annual VTU Cultural Festivals and the Nature trips organized by BNM Friends of nature club. I began to see overall development in myself.Semester VIISumukh A. ShenoyBNM Institute of Technology has been a great experience for me so far. The classes are filled with extreme joyfulness, which means each can perform excellently in their respective courses. The professors and staff are friendly and easy to approach whenever help is needed which makes life a lot easier. Since the campus is located at the heart of the city, it’s easy to reach on time and attend classes. Mechanical Engineering is my passion which I wanted to pursue in my life. By joining BNMIT, it’s making it easier to reach my goal. I’d take this opportunity to thank all my professors for being kind and generous to me.Semester VSuraj S ShettyThe chemistry department teachers are soo good. Under these teachers I had a chance to learn many new things. I had many interactive sessions. During Theory classes teachers are motivated us and encouraged us for better performance. While learning Chemistry we not only learnt about theory but also learnt its applications. The teaching speed and rate at which we understood was really good. The labs were well equipped and we had a nice experience working in the lab. We were given tests regularly  which helped us perform in the final lab exam. Overall it was a god learning experience under the chemistry department.USN: 1BG19ME041Branch: Mechanical EngineeringSurya RavishankarI am blessed to have been taught by  experienced and friendly teachers of the chemistry department. The chemistry department teachers are the best teachers I have interacted with. It was a wonderful experience learning under these teachers. Chemistry department teachers were always crystal clear and always open to clarify any doubt, might be the silliest as well. Engineering chemistry lab was very interesting as well. I must add, it is because of such teachers that BNMIT has attained a respectable name and fame. Last but not the least, the chemistry department of BNMIT is a gem which should be preserved forever.USN: 1BG19ME042Branch: Mechanical EngineeringSwarnamalya MMy four year’s voyage at BNMIT was incredible and is a memory to cherish for lifetime. It has been absolutely amazing from the remarkable teachers that I’ve met to the affectionate friends I’ve made. Kudos to the insightful faculties at BNMIT whose seamless efforts have tremendously enhanced my academic and interpersonal skills.-Swarnamalya M7thsem CSEKSHAMA GCareful guidance, constant attention, commitment and help of all teachers of BNMIT is really commendable. I am blessed to study in a college that emphasizes conservation of Nature and saves it for future generation.- KSHAMA G(5th SEM CSE)Mahima RBNMIT offers an atmosphere filled with motivation and innovation, a plenty of opportunities to grab on and above all, friendly and understanding faculty. One can fulfil their dreams of becoming a successful engineer at BNMIT. The Nature friendly campus and the comfortable hostel motivate the students to grasp concepts much quickly.- Mahima R5thSem CSE,Lalana NagarajBeing a student, I can definitely vouch that the experience I am having with the college is unforgettable. I enjoy learning in a much active and improved way. I am exposed to upskill my hidden qualities with the wide variety of opportunities that is offered to us. The Computer Science Department in particular is a great support system in enabling me to challenge the general idea of thoughts.- Lalana Nagaraj3rd SEM CSENamitha SBNMIT has been a great contributor to the development of my personality. One of the best things about this college is that it has allowed me to become more independent and face challenges with confidence. BNMIT through its dedicated faculty has helped me understand the industry standards by assisting me in my projects and also by providing various industry oriented trainings.Karthik PrasadNOT A SCHOOL!!The Instituteis filled with the most dedicated professional educators who have moulded us to the best of our versions. I am very grateful to my college, BNMIT. The support and guidance by the educators is immense. The faculties are very interactive and encouraging. The liberty to explore, given to every individual is colossal. The management is always ready to support in every possible way one needs.- Karthik Prasad7thSem CSEHrishikesh. G. RayasaECE, Batch-2019I am deeply impressed with TheCultural Club,The Nature Cluband NCC   activities  introduced  by BNMIT . These made me learn  discipline, punctuality , present ability, respecting people from  all walks of life. The leadership development brought new perspectives in my life.Rachana B RECE, Batch-2018BNMIT helped me to think out of the box with Innovative Project Labs, Entrepreneurship Development (ED) Cell to invent things according to the need of the hour.Apart from academics the college provided industry interface, performance enhancing programs, placement training and career support programs, multiple skill acquisitions, orientation and induction programs for overall development.Pavani KECE, Batch-2017I have received great support from teaching &non teaching faculty of the department who are always willing to help and encourage in all.curricular and non-curricular activities.During this pandemic BNMIT conducted  regular classes, placement training, placement drives, skill development program through online platform which was very useful & had great experience of learning online.Arjun GujjarBNMIT is the right place to learn managerial skills as everything here is done with extreme professionalism. The faculty are very supportive, and the best part is that they lead by example! I know I made the right choice to join BNMIT and I would like to express my profound gratitude to this institution for welcoming me with open arms.III sem MBAPooja JBNMIT encourages its students to do well, be it sports or academics or co-curricular activities. The faculty and staff are always supportive and guide us to be good professionals. I am grateful to BNMIT for enabling us mold ourselves in our journey from an amateur to a professional and help us build a positive attitude to face challenges.III sem MBASupriya SThe BNMIT college experience is quite inspiring, the faculty are very supportive, more so during difficult times. The faculty are highly qualified and have a close interaction with the students which makes all the difference. The focus is on academics, along with skill development. I am glad to have chosen this institute for my MBA program.III sem MBAAishwarya .G.P.BNMIT is a premier institute to develop your technical skills. Teachers are very supportive and clear all our doubts in all possible manner. The library is very convenient and easily accessible. In a nutshell I am very proud to be studying in BNMIT.Aishwarya .G.P. , Dept of EEE, Batch 2018.Divyashree NI am proud to be a part of this esteemed institution. The learner centric environment here at BNM Institute of technology not only train us in the academic curriculum but also motivate us. I am extremely thankful to the management and staff for their tireless efforts to ensure a bright and prosperous future for us. The knowledge and skills I have gained through my graduation was an experience for lifetime and will stay with me forever.Divyashree N , Dept of EEE, Batch – 2017.NamrathaBNMIT teaches students the art of learning through the development of intellectual, physical, and creative potentials. The institution firmly believes in the importance of a strong academic foundation coupled with an equal focus on creative expression and social adaptability skills. The IPL projects and practicals give young aspiring engineers an insight into the corporate world. Also, there are meditation and yoga classes helping children relieve their stress. Students are assigned with mentors for their counselling and overall personality development. I am happy that we found the right place for our daughter.Batch: 2019 – 2020Soma Charan SaiProfessors here are just great, from teaching us about the latest innovations in nano materials and nano particles to conducting and showing us experiments in this vast branch of chemistry.USN: 1BG19CS102Branch: Computer Science EngineeringSai Pavan YoganandFrom nanomaterials to nanoparticles to electrochemistry. Really good teachers and extremely patient when it comes to helping students with doubts, both theory and practical. Professors are also well versed in their fields and will help any student in need.USN : 1BG19CS091Branch :Computer Science EngineeringRohan SujayThe teachers made a great effort in making complex things simpler for us to learn. They helped us by providing suitable study material.USN:1BG19CS085 Branch :Computer Science EngineeringRakshith mahishiThe professors were really helpful and approachable whenever we had any issues be it academics or other activities. We didn't have to fear before asking for a permission be it for any activities or competitions or a leave for a day.USN: BG19CS080 Branch: Computer Science EngineeringNandana. VAll the professors in chemistry department are extremely helpful and approachable. They are student friendly and help us to be a better student. They make sure we understand the logic behind each concept so that we will be able to come up with a solution on our own.USN: BG19CS058Branch: Computer Science EngineeringAashritha LThe professors in this department helped us to understand the complex concepts of chemistry by their efficient teaching. They made this subject much simpler by their efforts and provided resources which were very informative and helped us a lot.USN: 1BG19CS002Branch: Computer Science EngineeringParam.SThe Professor was very informative she drove into the depths of the subject explaining the details to the smallest facts. She made chemistry interesting and fascinating.USN: 1BG19CS070Branch: Computer Science EngineeringPavan BhatI can whole-heartedly tell that the entire chemistry department are doing their absolute best in imparting knowledge to the students . All of the classes are fun and interactive . Doubt clearing sessions also made the students get top scores for their tests and exams. Our Chemistry HOD prof. Jayanna was always impartial and fair with his actions in and out of the classes and also the laboratory . The laboratory accommodates all the students of the class and has top-tier instruments. This was very helpful for the students. The lab faculty was always there for the students in times of need . Each and every topics gets covered and they make sure that all of the students do their best by even giving individual attention.  I'm thankful for the chemistry department for making sure that the classes were excellent and always being there for the students.USN: 1BG19EE027Branch: Electrical and Electronics EngineeringPoojaA few words is not enough to describe my experience of learning from the amazing chemistry lecturers  , each and every faculty in the department , be it the lab assistant or the professors were very kind to us ,and they understood us so well ! which i think  is a really  important first step in connecting with the student  community .Chemistry can be a tough subject , if the subject matter is not understood and practised daily ,and this need was recognised by our teacher , so they helped us in every way possible to make the subject matter tangible by writing easy-to- read notes and still covering every inch of the syllabus .They left no stone unturned in making us understand the subject from taking extra classes to making us write tests ,their kindness and their easy to approach attitude made it easy for us to ask  more doubts and deeply understand the material . I believe the reason for us to understand the laboratory sessions so well was because of the amicable environment created by the faculty, their helpful nature made our nervousness disappear during our first lab session . The chemistry lab assistants were very friendly , and helped us every time we were in doubt regarding our experiments .Overall, learning from the chemistry department in BNMIT , was a  blissful experience , the care the teachers provided to us , their interest towards the student's wellbeing , is like a goal to achieve and live for ! Thank you sir for this opportunity to write about my experience .1BG19EE029Branch: Electrical and Electronics EngineeringNandana. VThe professors of the department of mathematics are extremely helpful and always have a solution to our doubts and questions. They explain the concept very clearly. They also make sure each individual student understand by giving a day-to-day example so that we will have a clear idea about the concepts and it's application.Department : Computer Science & EngineeringBatch : 2019-20 Nisarga UmeshDepartment of Mathematics at BNM Institute of Technology is very Optimistic and Enthusiastic, Well Organized and have kept interest of students. Knows the material. I enjoyed my Math sessions at the fullest.Department : Electronics & Communication EngineeringBatch : 2016-17V. R. RohithThis is the department which taught me to do wonders with numbers. The place where there is both fun and learning. The classes were the favorite time to be, favorite time to learn. The lecturers were so friendly and made mathematics more and more interesting! The love towards the subject never ends and the teachers are the best.Department : Computer Science & Engineering Batch : 2016-17Ruchitha S. U.BNMIT plays a great role in moulding and shaping the future of every student. Every department has its own way of serving society by helping students. One among them is Mathematics department ..not offline teaching makes online teaching fun for students and helps us understand the concepts better ...and the way of teaching by every teacher not only helps in academics but also help us in learning and facing real life situations.Department : Electrical & Electronics Engineering Batch : 2018-19Kaushik SrinivasThe word MATHEMATICS is a nightmare for many students! To be honest, I was under the same opinion when I first joined BNMIT.Things got pretty clear when we were introduced to the faculties of MATH department. As friendly as they can be, they whole heartedly give their best to nurture us. For a matter of fact, they removed the thought from our minds that MATH was a difficult subject. After few classes, when we finally were settling in, we could see the difference in our improved capabilities of solving complex math problems. All thanks to our esteemed professors at BNMIT math department.The fellow professors are all-rounders! They not only teach the subject, they help you cross hurdles. They can be your mentor, a go-to person if you're in trouble. We can blindly approach them in case of any difficulties and they'll be more than happy to help us.I would like to thank the entire mathematics department for always being there for us and making BNMIT a better place to learn and gain knowledge,  Thank you.Department : Electrical & Electronics Engineering Batch : 2018-19Shreya singhBNMIT Mathematics department has always been very supportive, be it online or offline classes conducted. The faculties have never been biased and have always shown enthusiasm while teaching. Doubts clarification has not been an issue till date, if the regular faculty is busy, the other staffs are keen to take up.I thank the teachers wholeheartedly for making the classes fascinating and memorable.Department : Electrical & Electronics Engineering Batch : 2018-19Vignesh HollaBNMIT is not just an institution, it is our second home as it has a wonderful environment for which all the credits must be given to the faculty. And talking specially about math department , it is just amazing. The faculty of math department are more than just teachers . They have been our mentors, support and guide. They are so friendly and and do not hesitate to re-explain the concepts if we dont understand and are willing to clear our doubts anytime. They work out problems on the board step by step and make math easy by giving students quicker ways to do peoblems. I strongly believe that my math teachers have positively affected my attitude towards education beacuse they are example of ideal teachers who help us improve our math skills and hence increase our confidence too.Department : Information Science & Engineering Batch : 2019-20Varsha M.Math is one of my favorite subject.The teachers in the math department are excellent and resourceful. They solve each and every problem in the class and Teachers are always ready to clarify all our doubts personally. During online classes if we are unable to understand any topic they are ready to teach us once again. Teachers here just don't teach for examination, they also explain the applications of each and every concept and make math more interesting.Overall I could say that due to these teachers I feel math is more interesting and fun to learn.Department : Electronics & Communication Engineering Batch : 2019-20Rakshith mahishiAll the professors here are helpful and very knowledgeable and give real life examples for teaching few concepts so we can understand every concept and it's background. They clear our doubts and also help us solve problems by ourselves.Department : Computer Science & Engineering Batch : 2019-20Vignesh Holla G R“Vidyaya Amrutham ashnuthe” - Knowledge is nectar and I personally think our college is the best representative for verse. The teachers are very kind and supportive. I felt very much like a part of a big family. There is equal attention to cultural and academics which help us develop overall potential. We have exciting opportunities to pursue in sports also. We have many practicals and projects that are giving us deep insight of the industry. I am very much glad to join such an amazing college. I am looking forward for another exciting year at BNMIT.Batch: 2019-2020Sai PoojaIt is my immense luck and fortune to be a part of BNM Institute of technology where I can grow. The entire faculty and department leaves no stone unturned to shape one's future. My two years at BNMIT have been a wonderful experience of learning with prolific exposure to outside. Huge respect, love and devotion for entire faculty members and department. It's their efforts that make me to count myself into better professionals.Batch: 2018-2022 SOMA CHARAN SAIProfessors here are really very supportive, and they help us out in every way possible to make us understand better, if there’s a topic or a problem that we haven’t understood, they teach us until we are perfect in solving those problems.Department : Computer Science & Engineering Batch : 2019-20 Dr. Bhagyalakshmi. V. BhatThe college has been providing excellent support and facilities in every aspect for my son to excel in the field of Mechanical engineering. Not only limited to academics, the college has also provided various other opportunities in Cultural events and nature expeditions. I am very grateful to all the staff who are supporting him. Recalling the quote, my son, being “kartaa”, the other three aspects that is “Kaarayitaa”, “Prerakaha” and “Anumodakaha”, he is getting from BNMIT.R. NagendraThe Department of Mechanical Engineering has instilled the confidence in students to explore new ideas. The college and the department encouraged my son, to participate in Asia-Pacific level technical competition hosted by American Society for Mechanical Engineers by providing all the required support.The college has been dynamic in adapting Best New Methods for Innovative Teaching -  B.N.M.I.T during the COVID 19 pandemic.Mohan NI take immense pleasure and pride in look at my daughter flourish and shine amidst the posh college, BNMIT. The efforts put in by the institution in grooming my daughter to a corporate professional, is limitless! Besides imparting the leading technological learning, BNMIT has always stood upright in inculcating the dignity in appearance, elegance in speech and the most virtuous ethics and etiquette among the students.GIRISH SAs a parent, I am happy to see that my daughter  is progressing in a manner which I expected and all credits to the college faculty for their constant efforts to improve the skills of the students by their immense commitment to teaching. The knowledge and proficiency of the faculty are highly commendable.Raghavendra T G & Mamatha RBNMIT, is one of the most cultured, disciplined and exceptional institutions in Bangalore. It not only excels in academics but also inculcates good morals and patriotism into the young minds. It lays the foundation for tremendous success.Sudheera rao yThree years back my daughter stepped into this college with much expectations and it proved quite right.BNMIT is one among themost prestigious colleges in Bangalore. It is known for its discipline and values.BNMIT has excellent faculty, who teach very well and give a lot of attention to students.Nagaraja VI am glad that my ward is studying in this reputed Institution like BNMIT. Notably, grooming the students into upstanding and disciplined citizens has been the motive of this college. My son has been molded and shaped well by the college, both academically and sportively. Otherwise, he has been motivated and cheerful since his journey in this college.Dr R NagarajaWe are proud that our daughter, Lalana Nagaraj is studying in a prestigious Institution, BNMIT. It is known for discipline under the able administration of Director, Prof. T. J. Ramamurthy. The prime priority of magnanimous management is to develop the students into skilled engineers with multiple talents and best career options.Professor, PG & Research CoordinatorDepartment of Information Science and EngineeringBangalore Institute of TechnologyDr G SudhaWe are proud that our daughter, Lalana Nagaraj is studying in a prestigious Institution, BNMIT. It is known for discipline under the able administration of Director, Prof. T. J. Ramamurthy. The prime priority of magnanimous management is to develop the students into skilled engineers with multiple talents and best career options.Associate Professor,Department of Electrical and Electronics EngineeringBangalore Institute of TechnologyShri. G L VittalaProject Director, DRDAZilla panchayat Chikmagalur (28 years’ experience in the Govt dept.)When my son expressed his desire to pursue MBA, I was ecstatic because I knew it was the right thing for him to do. Since childhood he has exhibited leadership qualities in everything, he has done but it needed honing. In the past year, I can say that studying here has helped as there is a perceptible change in him. I hope BNMIT keeps this up.F/O : Arjun V GujjarIII sem studentShri. Vittal Rao C AManager (Finance and Accounts)Karnataka State Financial CorporationBNMIT has risen to the challenge posed by this pandemic and ensured that academics are not hampered. The quality of classes, be it offline or online have been very well planned and executed. My son stayed focused on his academics owing to the seminars, interactive sessions, timely submissions of assignments, well-coordinated by the faculty.F/o: Shashank V CIII sem studentShri. Shankar T KReserved Police OfficerWe are happy and proud that our daughter is doing her MBA at BNMIT. It is reassuring to note That she is progressing in the right direction under the guidance of highly qualified and extremely professional faculty who take care of the students from basics. This helps them in becoming good professionals and achieve success in their career.F/O: Priya SIII sem studentR. Chandrashekar Ward - Suguna Chandrashekar  - ECE, Batch - 2019 Besides sharp focus on academics, the college has a strong curricular and extra-curricular activities, that makes every student a well informed individual at the time of graduation.During COVID-19 pandemic, BNMIT management and staff were able to quickly adapt to the demands and started online classes and exams.Best regardsR. Chandrashekar.Asha Dayanand Ward - Swati Dayanand - ECE, Batch - 2017 BNMIT provides true meaning of education, imbibe moral values and discipline in students. The exceptional teaching faculty instils the fundamentals of technicaleducation and nurtures studentsto think creatively at all times.Girish H R Ward - Pavan G.C. - ECE, Batch - 2018 BNMIT activities are professional and is functional in producing efficientengineers blessed with moral ethics and qualities of complete citizen.I am glad to say that my son has got this golden opportunity to learnand grow in a institution where overall development of the student isprioritised.B BadrinathBNMIT is one of the prestigious colleges under the ambit of Vishweshwaraya Technological University and one of the few institutions in Bengaluru offering high quality education. The academic staff is very experienced in their relevant fields and are always keen to help and guide the students. The college also encourages the students to participate in various competitions and help students to get varied exposure, making them industry ready.Parent of B Sanjeev, Dept of EEE, 2017 batch.Nandakumar PaiBNM Institute of Technology is moulding students to think in the right direction for the bright future of our country. It has a very good infrastructure such as campus Wi-Fi and best labs in this campus. The faculty here are very professional, talented and qualified too. The teaching quality is also very good here.Parent of Karthik N Pai,Dept of EEE,2018 batch.Sreesha RaoBNMIT is counted one among top few colleges in the state. Unlike many other colleges in the city, they maintain great discipline in the college campus by insisting students to be on time for the classes, appealing dress code and maintaining silence inside the college campus.Along with academics, BNMIT gives great importance for overall development of the students by encouraging them to join different clubs what they have in the college based on individual student's interest. Cultural club, sports club, nature club to mention a few.They also imbibe cultural and social values in students by involving students in different events, holding talks by eminent personalities etc.This goes a long way in creating a path for successful journey in students' livesParent of Apoorva S , Dept of EEE, 2019 batchUsha SrinivasI am very glad to share with you that my son is studying in one of the best educational institutions in the Country. I am impressed by the overall setting and learning environment at BNMIT. I personally admire and thank the faculty and staff for their efforts in making it a conducive place for my son.M/o Tarun Srinivas Batch : 2017-2021Nagendra GAn Investment in Knowledge Pays the Best InterestBNMIT teaches students the art of learning through the development of intellectual, physical, and creative potentials. The institution firmly believes in the importance of a strong academic foundation coupled with an equal focus on creative expression and social adaptability skills. The IPL projects and practicals give young aspiring engineers an insight into the corporate world. Also, there are meditation and yoga classes helping children relieve their stress. Students are assigned with mentors for their counselling and overall personality development. I am happy that we found the right place for our daughter.Bank ManagerF/O NamrathaBatch : 2019-2023ROOPA A.NI am indebted to the team of wonderful teachers and staff of BNMIT, who have not only galvanized my daughter into academics, but also have guided her in various walks of life and transformed her into a mature human being who is finally able to break out of her shell.Design Engineer, Intel India pvt ltdM/O VarshaBatch : 2019-2023 ACCREDITATIONS BNMIT has been accredited with ‘A’ Grade by NAAC. All UG branches – CSE, ECE, EEE, ISE & Mech.E accredited by NBA for the academic years 2018-19 to 2024-25 and valid up-to 30.6.2025 ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/nba/ route:
------------------------------
BNMIT - Accreditations - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports BNMIT – AccreditationsHome BNMIT – Accreditations This post was last updated on April 25th, 2025NBA Accreditation Letters FACULTY DETAILS 2024-252023-242022-23 STUDENTS DETAILS First Year Students ListSecond Year Students ListThird Year Students ListFourth Year Students List PLACEMENT DETAILS 2020-24 BATCH2019-23 BATCH2018-22 BATCH Links for Faculty ProfilesDEPARTMENTLINK FOR FACUALTY PROFILESComputer Science & Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/computer-science-engineering/faculties-cse/Information Science & Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/information-science-engineering/faculties-ise/Electronica & Communication Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/electronics-communication-engineering/faculties-ece/Electrical & Electronics Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/electrical-electronics-engineering/faculties-eee/Department of Mathematicshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-mathematics/faculties-math/Department of Physicshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-physics/faculties-phy/Department of Chemistryhttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-chemistry/faculties-che/Department of Humanitieshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-humanities/Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learninghttps://www.bnmit.org/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning/faculty-of-aiml/Mechanical Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/mechanical-engineering/faculties-me/Department of Business Administrationhttps://www.bnmit.org/mba/faculties/ ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/naac/ route:
------------------------------
NAAC - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports NAACHome NAAC NAAC ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/home-2/nirf-2025/ route:
------------------------------
NIRF - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports NIRFHome Home NIRF NIRF-2025 Details-Engineering NIRF-2025 Details-Innovation NIRF-2025 Details-Overall CLICK HERE FOR FACULTY LIST DEPARTEMNTLINK FOR FACUALTY DETAILSArtificial Intelligence & Machine Learninghttps://www.bnmit.org/artificial-intelligence-machine-learning/faculty-of-aiml/Computer Science & Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/computer-science-engineering/faculties-cse/Electronica & Communication Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/electronics-communication-engineering/faculties-ece/Electrical & Electronics Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/electrical-electronics-engineering/faculties-eee/Information Science & Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/information-science-engineering/faculties-ise/Mechanical Engineeringhttps://www.bnmit.org/mechanical-engineering/faculties-me/Department of Mathematicshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-mathematics/faculties-math/Department of Chemistryhttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-chemistry/faculties-che/Department of Physicshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-physics/faculties-phy/Department of Business Administrationhttps://www.bnmit.org/mba/faculties/Department of Humanitieshttps://www.bnmit.org/department-of-humanities/ BNMIT is proud to be acclaimed and ranked in the band of 201 - 250 (Year: 2022) including IITs, IIITs, and NITs by NIRFWe have been ranked from NIRF from 5 consecutive years(2018-2022) For comments and feedback contactDr. Bindhu S., Nodal Officeremail: bindhus@bnmit.in ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/bnmit-rankings/ route:
------------------------------
BNMIT - Rankings - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports BNMIT – RankingsHome BNMIT – Rankings This post was last updated on November 20th, 2024NIRFARIIAOther Rankings ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/aicte-mandatory-disclosure/ route:
------------------------------
AICTE Mandatory Disclosure - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports This post was last updated on April 25th, 2025 Minimum Disclosure Norms As per AICTE guidelines students and staff can submit their feedback atStaff and Student FeedbackAICTE LOA and EOA Click Here for LOA 2001-02 ReportClick Here for EOA 2002-03 ReportClick Here for EOA 2003-04 ReportClick Here for EOA 2004-05 ReportClick Here for EOA 2005-06 Report Click Here for EOA 2006-07 ReportClick Here for EOA 2007-08 ReportClick Here for EOA 2008-10 ReportClick Here for EOA 2010-11 ReportClick Here for EOA 2011-12 Report Click Here for EOA 2012-13 ReportClick Here for EOA 2013-14 ReportClick Here for Corrigendum Report for EOA 2014-2015Click Here for EOA 2015-16 Report Click Here for EOA 2016-17 ReportClick Here for EOA 2017-18 ReportClick Here for EOA 2018-19 ReportClick Here for EOA 2019-20 ReportClick Here for EOA 2020-21 Report Click Here for EOA 2021-22 ReportClick Here for EOA 2022-23 ReportClick Here for EOA 2023-24 ReportClick Here for EOA 2024-25 ReportClick Here for EOA 2025-26 Report Name of Programmes Accredited NBANBA Accreditation Status1Name/ List of Programmes/ Courses Accredited1.      Computer Science & Engineering2.      Information Science & Engineering3.      Electronics & Communication Engineering4.      Electrical & Electronics Engineering5.      Mechanical EngineeringExtension of validity from 01-07-2022 till 30-06-2025 (3 years)https://www.bnmit.org/nba-accreditation-status-bnmit/2List of Programmes not applied1.      Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning2.      M.Tech in CSE and VLSI and3.      MBA NAAC Accreditation Status1AccreditedA Gradehttps://www.bnmit.org/naac-accreditation-bnmit/ ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/centers-of-excellence/ route:
------------------------------
Centers Of Excellence - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports Centres of Excellence Samsung R&D Institute India(SRI-B) PRISM Program Health Care & Smart Technologies Honey well Women Empowerment program Centre for High Voltage Testing & Design Automative Technology Toyota CISCO-BNMIT Centre of Excellence in Networking Capgemeni Women Empowerment program Augment Reality & Virtual Reality Ui Path: Automation  AnyWhere- RPA Senquire Projects / Internships through above Centres of Excellence Industry VisitsInternships DetailsContent delivery by Industry Experts ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/media/ route:
------------------------------
Media - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports This post was last updated on July 22nd, 2025 Year: 2025TitleDatePublicationLink/PDFSilver Jubilee CelebrationsJune 21, 2025Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/03-21-06-2025-Vijayavani.pdfJune 21, 2025The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/04-21-06-2025-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfJune 21, 2025Andhra Jyothihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/05-21-06-2025-Andhra-Jyothi.pdfJune 20, 2025Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/02-20-06-2025-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfGreen Circuit: BNM Cycle Street & Eco Miles (Organised by BNMIT & Vikasana Foundation) June 02, 2025Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/01-02-06-2025-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf BNMIT Signs Academic Agreement with GTTC (Government Toolbox & Training Centre) to Enhance Skill DevelopmentJanuary 18, 2025The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-18-01-2025-Indian-Express.pdfJanuary 13, 2025Prajavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-13-01-2025-Prajavani.pdfJanuary 11, 2025Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-11-01-2025-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfInauguration of 3rd IEEE International Conference on Intelligent & Innovative Technologies in Computing, Electrical & ElectronicsJanuary 18, 2025Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/05-18-01-2025-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfJanuary 18, 2025Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/06-18-01-2025-Vijayavani.pdfJanuary 18, 2025The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-18-01-2025-Indian-Express.pdfJanuary 18, 2025Andhra Jyothihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/08-18-01-2025-Andhra-Jyoti.pdfJanuary 17, 2025Samyukta Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/04-17-01-2025-Samyukta-Karnataka.pdfYear: 2024TitleDatePublicationLink/PDFDistribution of Scholarships to Students of BNMITDecember 20, 2024Samyukta Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-20-12-2024-Samyukta-Karnataka.pdfBlood Donation CampDecember 04, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/04-04-12-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfBlood Donation CampNovember 30, 2024Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-30-11-2024-Vijayavani.pdfGolden Jubilee Function in UVCENovember 13, 2024Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-13-11-2024-Vijayavani.pdfGolden Jubilee Function in UVCENovember 09, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-09-11-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfInauguration of First Year B.E Classes, Batch 2024-25October 09, 2024The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-09-10-2024-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfInauguration of First Year B.E Classes, Batch 2024-25October 09, 2024Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-09-10-2024-Vijayavani.pdfInauguration of First Year B.E Classes, Batch 2024-25October 08, 2024Andhra Jyothyhttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-08-10-2024-Andhra-Jyothy.pdfBNMIT – MBA CONDUCTS CASE-A-THONAugust 21, 2024Business Standardhttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-21-08-2024-Business-Standard.pdfEcoEquify – A Two Day HackathonJuly 19, 2024The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-19-07-2024-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfEcoEquify – A Two Day HackathonJuly 18, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-18-07-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfTimes All India Engineering Institutes Ranking Survey 2024May 30, 2024The Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-30-05-2024-The-Times-of-India.pdfBNMIT – Graduation DayMay 24, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-24-05-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfInternational Conference on Computing & Intelligent Information Systems (ICCIIS – 2024)April 22, 2024The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/04-22-04-2024-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfInternational Conference on Computing & Intelligent Information Systems (ICCIIS – 2024)April 22, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-22-04-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfInternational Conference on Computing & Intelligent Information Systems (ICCIIS – 2024)April 20, 2024Samyukta Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-20-04-2024-Samyukta-Karnataka.pdfInternational Conference on Computing & Intelligent Information Systems (ICCIIS – 2024)April 19, 2024Andhra Jyothihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-19-04-2024-Andhra-Jyothi.pdfIntellectual Property Right Conclave – 2024March 16, 2024Samyukta Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/04-16-03-2024-Samyukta-Karnataka.pdfIntellectual Property Right Conclave – 2024March 16, 2024Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/05-16-03-2024-Vijayavani.pdfIntellectual Property Right Conclave – 2024March 16, 2024The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/06-16-03-2024-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfDistribution of Scholarships to Students of BNMITMarch 13, 2024Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/03-13-03-2024-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfDistribution of Scholarships to Students of BNMITMarch 11, 2024Udayakalahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/02-11-03-2024-Udayakala.pdfDistribution of Scholarships to Students of BNMITMarch 10, 2024The New Sunday Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/01-10-03-2024-The-New-Sunday-Express.pdfYear: 2023TitleDatePublicationLink/PDFSANKALPA – Industry Conclave 2023July 27, 2023Prajavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/02-27-07-2023-Prajavani.pdfSANKALPA – Industry Conclave 2023July 27, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/03-27-07-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfSANKALPA – Industry Conclave 2023July 27, 2023Sanje Samacharhttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/04-27-07-2023-Sanje-Samachar.pdfSANKALPA – Industry Conclave 2023July 27, 2023Andhra Jyothihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/05-27-07-2023-Andhra-Jyoti.pdfSANKALPA – Industry Conclave 2023July 25, 2023The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/01-25-07-2023-The-New-India-Express.pdfBNMIT Organises 36 Hour National Hackathon – Evolve, (15-06-2023 to 17-06-2023)June 23, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/07-23-06-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfBNMIT Organises 36 Hour National Hackathon – Evolve, (15-06-2023 to 17-06-2023)June 21, 2023The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/06-21-06-2023-The-New-India-Express.pdfTimes All India Engineering Institutes Ranking Survey 2023June 20, 2023The Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/05-20-06-2023-The-Times-of-India.pdfBNMIT Open DayJune 09, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/04-09-06-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfBNMIT Open DayJune 03, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/13-03-06-2023-Vijayavani.pdfBNMIT Celebrates Graduation Day & Scholarship Awards – 2023June 03, 2023The New Indian Expresshttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/12-03-06-2023-The-New-Indian-Express.pdfBNMIT Celebrates Graduation Day & Scholarship Awards – 2023June 02, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/11-02-06-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf501th Rank in UPSC Examination for BNMIT Alumni Sri. Dhanushkumar B SMay, 24, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/10-24-05-2023-Vijayavani.pdfState Level Champions in Intercollege Cultural YuvothsavaApril 08, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/09-08-04-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfState Level Champions in Intercollege Cultural YuvothsavaApril 04, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/08-04-04-2023-Vijayavani.pdf6 Gold Medals for Pooja Bhaskar in B.E. (CSE) at VTU 22nd Convocation held at BelagaviFebruary 25, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/06-25-02-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf6 Gold Medals for Pooja Bhaskar in B.E. (CSE) at VTU 22nd Convocation held at BelagaviFebruary 25, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/07-25-02-2023-Vijayavani.pdf6 Gold Medals for Pooja Bhaskar in B.E. (CSE) at VTU 22nd Convocation held at BelagaviFebruary 21, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/05-21-02-2023-Vijayavani.pdf6 Gold Medals for Pooja Bhaskar in B.E. (CSE) at VTU 22nd Convocation held at BelagaviFebruary 21, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/04-21-02-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf6 Gold Medals for Pooja Bhaskar in B.E. (CSE) at VTU 22nd ConvocationFebruary 21, 2023Udayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/03-21-02-2023-Udayavani.pdfIEEE International Conference on Intelligent and Innovative Technologies in Computing, Electrical and Electronics: Hybrid ModeJanuary 31, 2023Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/02-31-01-2023-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdfIEEE International Conference on Intelligent and Innovative Technologies in Computing, Electrical and Electronics: Hybrid ModeJanuary 30, 2023Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/01-30-01-2023-Vijayavani.pdfYear: 2022TitleDatePublicationLink/PDFDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the CVL Shastry State level Table Tennis Championship13 December, 2022Deccan Heraldhttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/19-13-12-2022-Deccan-Herald.pdfDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the CVL Shastry State level Table Tennis Championship13 December, 2022Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/20-13-12-2022-Times-of-India.pdfInauguration of Golden Jubilee Celebration at BNMIT23 November, 2022Prajavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/18-23-11-2022-Prajavani.pdfInauguration of Golden Jubilee Celebration at BNMIT19 November, 2022Vijaya Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/17-19-11-2022-Vijayakarnataka.pdfDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the CVL Shastry State level Table Tennis Championship07 September, 2022Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/16-07-09-2022-Times-of-India.pdfDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the CVL Shastry State level Table Tennis Championship27 August 2022Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/15-27-08-2022-Times-of-India.pdfIkyatha Nadige14 August, 2022Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/14-14-08-2022-Vijayavani.pdf24 hour Codify Hackathan at BNMIT06 July, 2022Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/13-06-07-2022-Vijayavani.pdfDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the State level Table Tennis Championship02 July, 2022Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/12-02-07-2022-Times-of-India.pdfDeshna M Vanshika of BNMIT Won the State level Table Tennis Championship02 July, 2022Deccan Heraldhttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/11-02-07-2022-Deccan-Herald.pdfYoga Hive25 June, 2022Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/10-25-06-2022-Vijayavani.pdfTimes All India Ranking Survey 202213 June , 2022Times of Indiahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/09-13-06-2022-Times-of-India.pdfCycle Street rally – 202206 June, 2022Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/08-06-06-2022-Vijayavani.pdfInauguration of Health Checkup at BNMIT16 May, 2022Samyukta Karnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/05-16-05-2022-Samyuktha-Karnataka.pdfInauguration of Health Checkup at BNMIT16 May, 2022Vijayavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/07-16-05-2022-Vijayavani.pdf7 Gold Medals for Swathi Dayanand in B.E. (ECE) at VTU 21st Convocation held at BelagaviMarch 11, 2022Vijayakarnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/03-11-03-2022-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf7 Gold Medals for Swathi Dayanand in B.E. (ECE) at VTU 21st Convocation held at BelagaviMarch 10, 2022Vijayakarnatakahttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/02-10-03-2022-Vijaya-Karnataka.pdf7 Gold Medals for Swathi Dayanand in B.E. (ECE) at VTU 21st Convocation held at BelagaviMarch 6, 2022Prajavanihttps://www.bnmit.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/01-06-03-2022-Prajavani.pdf ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/institution-industry-cell/ route:
------------------------------
INSTITUTION-INDUSTRY CELL - Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports This post was last updated on May 21st, 2024 Objective:To bridge the gap between Institution and Industries by establishing Industry supported Centres of Excellence and provide Industry specific training and Internship to students.Functions:Identify the Industries and invite them to establish Centres of ExcellenceTake specific inputs from Industry representatives to enhance the quality of curriculumOrganize Industrial visits for students at regular intervals Institution – Industry Cell Sl. No. Name of the Faculty Designation & Department  Role Contact No. 1Prof. S L Satheesh KumarProfessor & Head,Teaching Learning Centre and Corporate RelationsChairman98453578062Dr. Vijayashree LProfessor & Head, ED cellMember99803560983Dr. Venkatesha KProfessor & HOD, EEEMember98456118044Dr. Saritha ChakrasaliProfessor & HOD, T&PMember99450356475Dr. Shebha SelvamProfessor & HOD, AIMLMember99943384746Dr. Jyothi R MunavalliProfessor, ECEMember94488373717Dr. Narendranath UdupaIndependent Consultant, BengaluruMemberMob: 9845292110Email: narendranath.udupa@gmail.com8Dr. Ramakanth Kumar PHoD, Dept. of CSE,RV College of EngineeringMemberramakanthkp@rvce.edu.in9Dr. Lalit M PatnaikFmr. VC, Defence, IITAdjunct Professor and NASI(National Academy of Sciences India)Senior Scientist, NIAS, BangaloreMemberlalitblr@gmail.com patnaiklm@yahoo.comhttp://lmpatnaik.in/ 10Mr. Srimanu PrasadSenior Director,Head of Tech Strategy TeamSAMSUNG R&D Institute India-Bangalore Pvt. Ltd.Bangalore-560037Membermanuprasad@samsung.com984518633111Mr. JagadeeshNEXGEN ENGINEERING PRIVATE LIMITED (Nex Torq)Membersupport@nexgenpvtltd.com12Mr. SudarshanSpectrum tools private limitedMembersudarshan@spectrummoulds.com9845134512 Centres of Excellence Samsung R&D Institute India(SRI-B) PRISM Program Health Care & Smart Technologies Honey well Women Empowerment program Centre for High Voltage Testing & Design Automative Technology Toyota CISCO-BNMIT Centre of Excellence in Networking Capgemeni Women Empowerment program Augment Reality & Virtual Reality Ui Path: Automation  AnyWhere- RPA Senquire Projects / Internships through above Centres of Excellence Industry VisitsInternships DetailsContent delivery by Industry Experts ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

/ed-cell/ route:
------------------------------
Entrepreneurship development Cell - Innovation, Creativity, Education & Research. Enquire Now Apply Now NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact HomeNBAAbout About Founders Vision And Mission Governing Body Committees Campus Tour Leadership Chairman & Secretary Dean & Trustee Director Additional Director and Principal Deputy Director Ranks & Gold medals Patents MOUs Innovations @BNMIT NewGen IEDC IIC ARIIA CIPR Startups Experimental Entrepreneurship Programme Industry Academia Collaborations BNMIT Policies Undertaking Infrastructure Main Block New Block Auditorium Block S Block Departments UG Programmes Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Physics Department of Chemistry Department of Humanities PG Programmes Department of Business Administration M.Tech (CSE) M.Tech (VLSI Design & ES) Ph.D Programmes Computer Science & Engineering Electronics & Communication Engineering Electrical & Electronics Engineering Information Science & Engineering Mechanical Engineering Department of Mathematics Department of Chemistry Department of Physics Business Administration Academics BOS BOE Calendar of Events Scheme and Syllabus Regulations Assessment Manual Service-Rules TLCResearchAchievements Staff Achievements Student AchievementsAdmissionPlacementsStudent Life BNMIT Clubs Nature Club Kala Bhageerathi NSS NCC Library and Information Center Professional Bodies Friends Corner BNMIT Alumni BNM Cafe Hostel Boy’s Hostel Girl’s Hostel Sports Entrepreneurship development CellHome Entrepreneurship development Cell This post was last updated on August 22nd, 2025 VisionED Cell at BNMIT is committed to developing successful entrepreneurs by being a resource, guidance and motivation center through Innovation & creativity, Education & Research, and Community Engagement.MissionThe mission of ED Cell at BNMIT is to instill entrepreneurial thinking in our students and to create a community of business practitioners with a lifelong commitment to achieving social and economic progress through entrepreneurship.OverviewED cell provides a platform to all the students, who thrive to become entrepreneurs. ED cell acts as an incubator to society, developing future entrepreneurs. E-Cell, BNMIT is been recognized by AICTE and is been funded to develop the entrepreneurial talent among youth. It is been associated with Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India (EDII),  AWAKE, FKCCI, MSME, and NEN. Click Here for Highlights of ED Cell 2017 - 23Click Here for Highlights of ED Cell 2023 - 25 Dr. Jyoti Raghavendra MunavalliProfessor & Head, Innovations & ED Cell A Distinguished Researcher Empowering Future Innovators and Entrepreneurs, Dr. Jyoti R Munavalli stands as a driving force in healthcare technology, biomedical engineering, and entrepreneurship education at BNM Institute of Technology BNMIT. With a passion for bridging engineering, medicine, and entrepreneurship, Dr. Jyoti has significantly contributed to advancing biomedical applications and health informatics through cutting-edge research and student-driven innovations.Currently serving as the Head of Innovations & Entrepreneurship Development Cell, she is actively mentoring student teams from ideation to prototyping, filing patents, and exploring commercialization pathways. With over 20 years of academic experience and extensive collaboration with healthcare institutions, MedTech startups, and interdisciplinary research groups. Her academic footprint includes:65+ International & National Research Publications indexed in Scopus and Web of Science.Multiple patent filings and copyrights in biomedical devices and digital health innovations.Development of prototypes in health-tech and assistive technologies, most of them recognized at innovation summits.Her vision is to establish a robust innovation ecosystem at BNM Institute of Technology that combines academic excellence, translational research, and entrepreneurial mindset, enabling students and faculty to create impactful products and services that address pressing societal needs ADMISSIONEligibility CriteriaHow to ApplySelection ProcessList of DocumentsEducation LoanBNMIT PolicyAdmission ContactRules & RegulationsDisclaimerScholarshipsRefund Policy ABOUT USAboutFoundersOur Vision and MissionCampus TourScholarships QUICK LINKSEventsNewsMOOC Courses EnrolmentsAICTE mandatory DisclosureBNMIT FinancialsPhoto GalleryVideo GalleryCalender of EventsMATLAB Access CONTACT US OTHER LINKSResearchPlacementsMediaBlogCareer @ BNMITResultDownloadsContact Connect with us Copyright © 2023 B. N. M. Institute of Technology, All Right Reserved. NBANAACNIRFRankingsAICTECenters of ExcellenceMediaII CELLED CELLExamsCareerContact Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMathematicsPhysicsChemistryMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×Enquire Now ×Apply Now Select ProgramArtificial Intelligence & Machine LearningComputer Science & EngineeringElectronics & Communication EngineeringElectrical & Electronics EngineeringInformation Science & EngineeringMechanical EngineeringMBA I agree to receive information from BNMIT×

==================================================

