Website Text Content for kristujayantimba
==================================================

/ route:
------------------------------
KJU MBA | Premier Management Program in Bengaluru Karnataka contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management MBA MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Finance Welcome to Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management About the Department Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) has been a beacon of learning and innovation since its inception in 1999 as an affiliated institution under Bangalore University. The Institution is managed by the Christian Missionaries belonging to the order of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI), St. Joseph Province, Kottayam, Kerala. Marking a significant milestone in its journey, Kristu Jayanti attained the ‘autonomous’ status in the year 2013. As per the notification dated July 08, 2025, vide letter No. 9-13/2025 - U.3(A), Kristu Jayanti has been conferred the status of Deemed to be University under section 3 of UGC Act, 1956, by the Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Education, Government of India under General Category. Since its inception in 2002 with an initial intake of just 60 students for the Master of Business Administration (MBA) program, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management has evolved into one of the leading business schools in India, celebrated for its commitment to academic excellence and ethical leadership. With a clear vision and steadfast mission, it has nurtured a generation of wise, innovative business leaders and dynamic entrepreneurs who now span the globe. The MBA program follows a rigorous trimester system, with a current intake of 360 students, ensuring comprehensive education tailored to meet modern-day business challenges. The program emphasizes both academic rigor and practical learning, equipping students with the skills required to excel in dynamic global markets with the following vision and mission: Vision To develop future leaders enriched with purpose, professionalism, and ethics. Mission We are committed to imparting quality management education, drawing from global corporate experience, with exceptional student support services. With this purpose, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management continues its path-breaking journey, driven by values and a commitment to excellence, creating a lasting impact on both students and the global business community. About the Department Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management stands out for its dynamic, industry-aligned, and globally recognized management education. International Accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA: The MBA Programme of the school holds prestigious international accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA, endorsing its commitment to quality and global academic standards. At its core, the school emphasizes Outcome-Based Education (OBE), ensuring that students achieve measurable skills and competencies that align with industry needs. One full Trimester dedicated for Industry Immersion: The curriculum, structured on a trimester basis, includes five trimesters on campus and one trimester devoted to industry immersion. This model, along with an industry- centric syllabus and skill-focused pedagogy, offers a holistic approach to learning that is highly valued by employers. Industry Certified Courses: Gain market-relevant skills through certifications like KPMG's Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and Tally ERP from NICT Academy. In partnership with Bizotic, we also offer targeted aptitude training to ensure students are job-ready. i.	Lean Six Sigma Green Belt – KPMG: This certification focuses on improving business processes by minimizing waste and reducing variation, which increases efficiency and quality. Students learn problem-solving, analytical thinking, and data-driven decision-making. The Lean Six Sigma methodology is highly valued across industries, particularly in manufacturing, healthcare, and finance, for its impact on quality control and operational efficiency. This certification opens doors to roles such as quality control analyst, process improvement specialist, and operations manager. ii.	Tally ERP - NICT Academy: Tally ERP is one of the most popular accounting software programs in India and globally. This certification covers financial and business management software skills, essential for maintaining accounting records, inventory, and payroll. Students acquire expertise in bookkeeping, inventory management, tax filing, and other accounting essentials, which are crucial for roles in finance and accounting. Tally ERP certification is highly regarded for roles such as accountant, finance assistant, and small business manager. Activity based and experiential learning pedagogies: The institution fosters activity-based and experiential learning, honing students' practical skills and attitudinal development, crucial for making them industry-ready. i.	Leadership Development Programme in coloration with the Zeal Institute: Courses and seminars, from Zeal Institute pioneered by Anthony Williams, have been an incredible source of inspiration to entrepreneurs, professionals and students, enabling them to access their true power and achieve extraordinary accomplishments in life and career. Leadership development is an integral to the programme, bolstered by a collaboration with Zeal Institute, Bengaluru, which strengthens students' leadership competencies. ii.	NSMART Simulated Market Trading Platform: The NSMART simulated trading platform, in partnership with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, gives students hands-on exposure to the stock market, a crucial skill for future managers. iii.	Industrial visits: Learning by observation is achieved through the experiential learning through industry visits wherein every batch of students are taken to visit 3 industries. iv.	Learning Management System: Teaching methodologies are diverse, involving case studies, mini- projects and collaborative learning, all supported by a state-of-the-art Learning Management System (LMS). Professors with a blend of teaching and industry experience: The faculty comprises a unique blend of academicians and industry experts who bring practical insights into the classroom deploying a variety of pedagogical approach such as activity-based learning, case study-based learning, collaborative learning, participatory learning, experiential learning. Professors of Practice – Classroom teaching by Industry experts: Industry experts frequently contribute to the curriculum as Professors of Practice, adding significant value to the student learning experience. A part or a couple of modules of a course is taught by the industry experts sharing valuable practical insights bridging the gap between academia and the industry. Alumni Connect: With 21 batches completing MBA degree since its inception in 2002, the school boosts a very strong alumni network with the alumni members contributing to the development of the curriculum, the student community and the intuition through regular interactions, insight sharing sessions and also in campus placements. Enhancing employability through empowerment: i. Aptitude Training – Bizotic solutions: Bizotic specializes in training students in essential aptitude skills, which are often a key part of recruitment exams and assessments for internships and entry-level positions. The training includes quantitative reasoning, logical thinking, verbal ability, and data interpretation incorporating more than 35 topics. These skills are critical for competitive exams, job assessments, and interviews. Aptitude training helps students perform better in placement exams and competitive job markets, enhancing their prospects in fields like engineering, management, IT, and consulting. ii. Mock Group Discussions: Guidance to succeed in group discussion rounds during the recruitment process is provided through the Mock group discussion activities where students are divided into groups and contemporary topics are given for the students to discuss. iii.	Mock Interviews: Mock interviews involving industry experts, alumni members and faculty members are organized to provide a practical experience of the different interview techniques such as the technical interview, the stress interview and HR interview. iv. CV design workshop: Tips on drafting a CV according to the job description is provided to CV design workshop. v. Just a Minute (JAM), Just two minutes and just three minutes talks: Just a minute (JAM) talks are conducted to enhance the communication skills of the MBA students and also to prepare them to speak on any given topic on the spot. vi. Faculty and Alumni mentorship: Mentorship through alumni interactions and faculty involvement enhances the conceptual knowledge, procedural knowledge and confidence levels of the budding managers. Uniqueness of the department Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management stands out for its dynamic, industry-aligned, and globally recognized management education. International Accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA: The MBA Programme of the school holds prestigious international accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA, endorsing its commitment to quality and global academic standards. At its core, the school emphasizes Outcome-Based Education (OBE), ensuring that students achieve measurable skills and competencies that align with industry needs. One full Trimester dedicated for Industry Immersion: The curriculum, structured on a trimester basis, includes five trimesters on campus and one trimester devoted to industry immersion. This model, along with an industry- centric syllabus and skill-focused pedagogy, offers a holistic approach to learning that is highly valued by employers. Industry Certified Courses: Gain market-relevant skills through certifications like KPMG's Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and Tally ERP from NICT Academy. In partnership with Bizotic, we also offer targeted aptitude training to ensure students are job-ready. i.	Lean Six Sigma Green Belt – KPMG: This certification focuses on improving business processes by minimizing waste and reducing variation, which increases efficiency and quality. Students learn problem-solving, analytical thinking, and data-driven decision-making. The Lean Six Sigma methodology is highly valued across industries, particularly in manufacturing, healthcare, and finance, for its impact on quality control and operational efficiency. This certification opens doors to roles such as quality control analyst, process improvement specialist, and operations manager. ii.	Tally ERP - NICT Academy: Tally ERP is one of the most popular accounting software programs in India and globally. This certification covers financial and business management software skills, essential for maintaining accounting records, inventory, and payroll. Students acquire expertise in bookkeeping, inventory management, tax filing, and other accounting essentials, which are crucial for roles in finance and accounting. Tally ERP certification is highly regarded for roles such as accountant, finance assistant, and small business manager. Activity based and experiential learning pedagogies: The institution fosters activity-based and experiential learning, honing students' practical skills and attitudinal development, crucial for making them industry-ready. i.	Leadership Development Programme in coloration with the Zeal Institute: Courses and seminars, from Zeal Institute pioneered by Anthony Williams, have been an incredible source of inspiration to entrepreneurs, professionals and students, enabling them to access their true power and achieve extraordinary accomplishments in life and career. Leadership development is an integral to the programme, bolstered by a collaboration with Zeal Institute, Bengaluru, which strengthens students' leadership competencies. ii.	NSMART Simulated Market Trading Platform: The NSMART simulated trading platform, in partnership with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, gives students hands-on exposure to the stock market, a crucial skill for future managers. iii.	Industrial visits: Learning by observation is achieved through the experiential learning through industry visits wherein every batch of students are taken to visit 3 industries. iv.	Learning Management System: Teaching methodologies are diverse, involving case studies, mini- projects and collaborative learning, all supported by a state-of-the-art Learning Management System (LMS). Professors with a blend of teaching and industry experience: The faculty comprises a unique blend of academicians and industry experts who bring practical insights into the classroom deploying a variety of pedagogical approach such as activity-based learning, case study-based learning, collaborative learning, participatory learning, experiential learning. Professors of Practice – Classroom teaching by Industry experts: Industry experts frequently contribute to the curriculum as Professors of Practice, adding significant value to the student learning experience. A part or a couple of modules of a course is taught by the industry experts sharing valuable practical insights bridging the gap between academia and the industry. Alumni Connect: With 21 batches completing MBA degree since its inception in 2002, the school boosts a very strong alumni network with the alumni members contributing to the development of the curriculum, the student community and the intuition through regular interactions, insight sharing sessions and also in campus placements. Enhancing employability through empowerment: i. Aptitude Training – Bizotic solutions: Bizotic specializes in training students in essential aptitude skills, which are often a key part of recruitment exams and assessments for internships and entry-level positions. The training includes quantitative reasoning, logical thinking, verbal ability, and data interpretation incorporating more than 35 topics. These skills are critical for competitive exams, job assessments, and interviews. Aptitude training helps students perform better in placement exams and competitive job markets, enhancing their prospects in fields like engineering, management, IT, and consulting. ii. Mock Group Discussions: Guidance to succeed in group discussion rounds during the recruitment process is provided through the Mock group discussion activities where students are divided into groups and contemporary topics are given for the students to discuss. iii.	Mock Interviews: Mock interviews involving industry experts, alumni members and faculty members are organized to provide a practical experience of the different interview techniques such as the technical interview, the stress interview and HR interview. iv. CV design workshop: Tips on drafting a CV according to the job description is provided to CV design workshop. v. Just a Minute (JAM), Just two minutes and just three minutes talks: Just a minute (JAM) talks are conducted to enhance the communication skills of the MBA students and also to prepare them to speak on any given topic on the spot. vi. Faculty and Alumni mentorship: Mentorship through alumni interactions and faculty involvement enhances the conceptual knowledge, procedural knowledge and confidence levels of the budding managers. Programmes offered The Institute of Management offers three robust two-year postgraduate programs in management: i.	Master of Business Administration (MBA) ii.	MBA in Fintech iii.	MBA in International Business Major features of each programmes i.	Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Accredited by ACBSP, USA The 2-year MBA programme at Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management with an intake of 240 students, in line with industry demands, the curriculum provides six specialized electives: a)	International Finance in collaboration with the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), UK ☞ The elective specialization in International Finance is offered in collaboration with the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), UK wherein the students get exemptions for the 9 out of the 13 papers to get qualified with ACCA. b)	Business Analytics in collaboration with Institute of Analytics, UK ☞ The elective specialization in Business Analytics is offered in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics (IOA), UK. The curriculum accredited by the international body equips the students with technical acumen, business domain knowledge and analytics prowess. c)	Strategic Finance benchmarked with Certified Public Accountant (CPA) curriculum: ☞ The elective specialization in Strategic Finance is offered in tie-up with miles education. The curriculum is benchmarked with the international professional certification on Certified Public Accountant to prepare the students to handle the challenges of managing the financial aspects of a business. ☞ d)	Marketing and Supply Chain Management ☞ e)	Finance ☞ f)	Human Resource Management and Corporate Psychology ii.	MBA in Fintech in collaboration with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy: MBA (Fintech) programme with an intake of 60 students is a 2-year programme offered in collaboration with the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy. This programme aims to equip students with the necessary knowledge and skills to seize opportunities in the rapidly evolving fintech industry. The curriculum is structured to meet the demands of both the industry and job market. Additionally, the program seeks to bridge the gap between academia and industry, ensuring that students receive education that is relevant and aligned with current professional requirements. iii.	MBA in International Business The MBA in International Business at Kristu Jayanti Univesity with an intake of 60 students offers a curriculum that explores the intricacies of international trade, global marketing, cross-cultural management, and international finance. The program aims to foster a global mindset, preparing students to navigate the complexities and challenges of the international business landscape. Enrolling in the MBA in International Business at Kristu Jayanti University opens doors to a multitude of benefits for students. Graduates are equipped with the skills and knowledge needed to excel in the global business arena, making them highly sought-after professionals by multinational corporations and organizations with international operations Major Department activities a)	Industry Interactive platforms: The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers a wide array of activities designed to enhance students’ academic and professional growth. These interactive platforms also help to bridge the gap between the industry and academia and also in preparing students for the Corporate career. These include the following various industry interaction platforms: ☞ The Annual International Conference, KRISYM (Kristu Jayanti Symposium) ☞ Vinimay Leadership Series – A platform to interact with visionary business leaders ☞ Expert Lecture Series – A platform to interact with domain experts ☞ International Lecture Series – A platform to interact with international visionary leaders from the global business and academia. ☞ Academia Industry Innovative Series – a platform to interact with the lower- level managers, middle level managers and alumni members. ☞ Student Exchange programmes with the partnering universities abroad. The program also includes a short-term course at partner universities abroad and international industry exposure. ☞ Experiential learning is emphasized through industry visits, conclaves, summits, and panel discussions organized in partnership with industry bodies such as the Confederation of Indian Industry, BNI Billionaires Bangalore Southeast Chapter, and the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FKCCI). b)	Domain-specific skills through competitive spirit: Students develop domain-specific skills through the following competitive events: ☞ Talento – An intra departmental management fest incorporating eleven events namely, the Best CEO, the Best Entrepreneur, the Best Management Team, 7Ps Marketing event, Fintech event, People Management event, Global Business event, CSR and Sustainability event, Analytics and Operations event, Viksit Bharat @ 2047 – Design Thinking event and the Business Quiz event. ☞ Incognito – An intra departmental annual business quiz competition in collaboration with Business Standard. ☞ Abhigyan – A platform to learn management concepts through theatre. Students are divided in to groups to learn a management concept and emulate it though a theatre play. Students are given various awards such as the Best Director, the Best Script writer, the Best Actor, the Best Actress, the best support Actor, the best support actress, the best villain, the best comedian, the best poster designer, the best trailer and the overall runners and winners championships. ☞ Ventura – An intra departmental Business Plan Competition to hone the business acumen of the MBA students. ☞ Competency Performance and Employability Matrix (CPE Matrix) – An indigenously developed graduate attributes assessment and evaluation matrix mapping the various activities to 19 specific skills for the management students based on the National Higher Education Qualification Framework (NHEQF). ☞ Star of the month award – Based on the scores of the CPE matrix, the star students of the month are recognized with certificates of appreciation. Additional Value-Generating Programs The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management enriches its curriculum with various value- added activities to enhance students' personal and professional skills. These include the following activities: a) Student Induction Programme A 45 days of induction programme comprising of an entry level assessment, minor project, book review, article review, bridge courses, value added courses and pre-requisite courses are conducted for every new batch of MBA students on campus. b)	Samvaad: A personal branding exercise focusing on enhancing the communication skills of a student both individually and at a group level. It also enhances the collaborative and team building skills of the students. c)	Kaizen: A continuous self-improvement activity focusing at enhancing the knowledge by reading beyond the text books achieved through newspaper article reviews, magazine article reviews, management jargons, contributions and life lessons from management gurus and business leaders. d)	Current Business Awareness sessions: A group learning platform to enhance the current business awareness through news reading, presentations and quizzes. e)	Workshop on Functional English: Functional English workshop in collaboration with the Department of English at Kristu Jayanti University to enhance the English communication of the management students. f)	Life Skills Education: Training programme on the 10 important life skills namely self-awareness, communication, critical thinking, creative thinking, decision making, problem solving, empathy, coping with emotions, stress management and interpersonal skills. g)	Rural Immersion Programmes and Social Outreach Programmes: To foster holistic development, community engagement and social awareness, the rural immersion programmes and social outreach programmes are conducted. h)	Leadership Outbound Training Programme: To enhance the leadership skills, risk taking abilities and resilience of the MBA students a one day leadership outbound training programme is organized. Major Achievements The following are the major achievements of Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management: ☞ Internationally accredited by the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs [ACBSP] USA ☞ Finalists at the 9th Indian Management Conclave 2018 at IIM Bangalore on the theme the Best MBA Pedagogy ☞ Consistently ranked among the top 100 B Schools in the Country for the past 10 years ☞ The school is 53 among the private B Schools in India as per the Fortune India – India’s Best B-School Survey 2023. ☞ The school is 20 among the private B Schools in south India as per the India Today Best B-School Survey 2023. ☞ The school is consistently ranked among the top 7 B Schools in Bengaluru. ☞ 100% Placement with the Highest salary package of 16.2 Lakhs ☞ Winners at the National Level Debate competition at NSB B School in 2023 ☞ Winners of National level B Plan Contest in 2018 ☞ Winners of the all Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge 2017 Placements Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers a 100% placement with a highest package of 16.2 Lakhs per annum. Led by the Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR), the school prepares the MBA students with Career Workshops, Campus to Corporate industry interactive sessions, alumni connect and training sessions. Talent Transformation Team: The CECR is the prime department responsible for all the placement related queries such as training, providing opportunities for part/full time internships in reputed organizations for eligible students. The placement record of the university is a proof of the confidence shown by the industry/corporate officials in our students. GATE: The Centre starts the Placement Orientation and Training Program by Inaugurating the GATE - Opening a passage The Placement Orientation and Training Programs are attuned to the needs of the industry in the era of globalization, the ever-growing challenges and the complexities of business. GATE will make the students highly committed & dedicated and prepares them to meet the challenges in the Corporate World. The Placement Orientation and Training program of the Centre for Employability & Corporate Relations, for the young talents, is a continuous process which helps them get exposed to the industry practices and opens a passage to the Corporate World. GATE prepares the students for the final placements. The Cell serves as a launch pad to students for them to make the critical leap from academic to corporate world. It acts as a nodal point for all placements related activities as well as internships. It helps students to plan their career by providing information and guide them about the companies which approach the University for recruitment. The Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR) has a process and set guidelines to make students more serious about the Final Placement Initiatives. Every student looking for final placements has to submit a Need Analysis Questionnaire, a copy of their profile and should compulsorily appear & clear the Aptitude Test paper of CECR to make them eligible for Final Placements. Placement Process: The CECR centre helps students in career planning through career counselling wherein they gather information about themselves in terms of their interests, aptitudes and abilities so that they can choose their careers more effectively. The Centre allows individuals to explore the world of employment and helps them to move from a general occupation direction to a specific one. Through the Career Plan form, CECR will know the exact headcount looking for final placements, going for higher studies (India & Abroad) and planning to become entrepreneurs. The Career Plan exercise will be followed by separate training programs for students opting for Final Placements, higher studies and planning to start up their own business. The selection process by the company usually starts with a pre-placement talk in which the organization gives the students insight into the company profile, job profile, CTC etc. followed by the actual selection process of written test/group discussion/interview etc. Aptitude Training: These classes refresh the fundamental areas of mathematics and logic of the students and cover areas like – Quantitative ability, Logical reasoning, Puzzles and Verbal ability. Orientations: Orientation on choosing the right career path, the different career opportunities, current industry trends, the company profiles and ensuring the right mind set are conducted regularly for the MBA students. Functional knowledge Training: Functional knowledge trainings on the basic concepts are provided by the school in collaboration with the CECR office on domains such as Finance, HR, Marketing, Analytics, Supply Chain, Banking to name a few. Pre placement training programs: Pre placement training programs such as mock Group Discussions and mock interviews are conducted by the professors, alumni members and the industry professionals in the university campus. Major Recruiters: More than 70 multi-national corporates and Indian Corporates from the following industry domains visit the campus every year: Consultancy ☞ These roles provide specialized consulting services in areas such as tax, audit, and compliance, focusing on helping clients optimize their financial operations and ensure regulatory compliance. ☞ The following are the companies that are the major campus recruiters in the consultancy domain: CLICK HERE TO VIEW LIST Opportunities The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers its MBA students a variety of opportunities for both personal and professional development. These include participation in high-impact events like the Annual International Conference and industry interaction platforms such as the Vinimay Leadership Series, Expert Lecture Series, and Academia Industry Innovative Series. Students can engage directly with global and Indian visionaries, gain international exposure through short-term programs at partner universities, and build domain-specific skills through competitive events like Talento and Incognito. Apart from these the MBA students have the following opportunities during their stint with the school: Support to compete in National Level Management Fests Students receive guidance and resources to participate in prestigious management fests nationwide, allowing them to showcase and sharpen their leadership, analytical, and teamwork skills. Training to participate in Business Plan competitions Tailored training is provided to students to develop impactful business plans, helping them cultivate entrepreneurship skills and gain exposure to pitching ideas in competitive settings. Encouragement to participate in quiz competitions Students are encouraged to join quiz competitions, fostering knowledge across diverse domains, enhancing critical thinking, and building quick decision-making abilities. Coaching for competitive exams such as CSIR NET The school offers coaching support for students preparing for competitive exams, such as CSIR NET, empowering them to pursue academic and research-oriented careers. Opportunities for event management with industry bodies such as CII, NASSCOM, BCIC etc Partnerships with industry bodies like the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), the Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC) and National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) provide students with hands-on experience in managing events, building industry networks, and developing organizational skills. Library access Students have full access to a well-stocked library with resources that support their coursework, research, and additional learning in management and related fields. Encouragement to undertake MOOC courses and certifications The school motivates students to pursue MOOCs and other certification from SWAYAM, NPTEL, enabling them to gain specialized knowledge and stay updated with industry-relevant skills. Four credits are assigned in the curriculum to encourage the students to complete it. Access to the Gymnasium On-campus gym facilities promote a healthy lifestyle, allowing students to balance physical fitness with academic and extracurricular activities. School Choir Participation in the school choir offers students a creative outlet and a chance to engage in cultural expression, contributing to a well-rounded academic experience. Significance of Institute of Management At Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management, students are encouraged to engage in a vibrant and diverse campus life that extends beyond academics. Through an array of clubs, celebrations, and entertainment activities, the school provides ample opportunities for students to grow holistically, connect with peers, and explore their talents. Clubs The School hosts a variety of student-led clubs, each designed to develop specialized skills and cater to specific interests: AI & Fintech Club: This club explores advancements in artificial intelligence and financial technology, offering workshops, discussions, and projects on cutting-edge trends and applications in these fields. Business Quiz Club: For those with a knack for general knowledge and business trivia, the Business Quiz Club offers regular quizzes and competitions that sharpen analytical and problem-solving skills. Cross Border Biz Club: With a focus on international business, this club allows students to delve into global markets, trade policies, and cross-border business strategies, providing insights into a globalized economy. Financial Investment Club: This club is dedicated to students interested in investment and finance. Activities include stock market simulations, portfolio management challenges, and discussions on financial strategies. Happiness & Fun Club: Aimed at fostering a positive and lively atmosphere on campus, this club organizes fun activities, social events, and stress-relief workshops to enhance well-being and promote student happiness. HR in Practice Club: Students in this club get practical exposure to human resource management through role-plays, case studies, and interaction with HR professionals, enhancing their understanding of workplace dynamics. Marketrix Club: For aspiring marketers, this club provides a platform to learn and apply marketing strategies, organize campaigns, and analyze case studies, helping students develop creative and analytical skills. Ted Talk Club: This club brings together students with a passion for sharing ideas and inspiring others. Through Ted-style presentations and discussions, students practice public speaking and expand their perspectives. Celebrations The Institute of Management celebrates various days of national importance, reflecting its commitment to cultural awareness and social responsibility: Gandhi Jayanti: Celebrating the life and teachings of Mahatma Gandhi, this day fosters a spirit of peace and non-violence through discussions and events that honor his legacy. National Unity Day: Marking the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, this day celebrates the strength of India's diversity with events promoting national unity and integrity. Janjatiya Gaurav Divas: Observed to honor the contributions of tribal communities, this day highlights cultural diversity and promotes respect for indigenous heritage. International Yoga Day: The school celebrates wellness and mindfulness on International Yoga Day with yoga sessions and wellness workshops, encouraging students to adopt healthy lifestyles. Competitions and Entertainment The School regularly organizes competitions and events that allow students to showcase their creativity, leadership, and sporting skills: Creative Competitions: Activities like digital poster design, elocution, essay writing, pencil sketching, singing, music, and reel making provide students with platforms to express their creativity and showcase their talents. Sports: Physical fitness and team spirit are fostered through various sports activities, giving students an opportunity to compete, stay active, and enjoy camaraderie outside of academic settings. The Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) at Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management is a unique and dynamic learning initiative that empowers students to actively engage in their own professional growth and contribute to their peers’ learning experiences. Through SKEP, students step into the role of resource persons, taking responsibility for researching, analyzing, and presenting contemporary issues in business and economics, thereby developing critical skills essential for business leaders. The topics chosen for SKEP presentations reflect the dynamic nature of the business world and focus on issues that are shaping the future of industries and economies. Topics might include emerging technologies, global trade challenges, economic policies, market disruptions, and environmental sustainability. When analyzing debatable dilemmas, students explore ethical and strategic questions that business leaders face today, encouraging critical thinking and discussion among peers. Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management’s commitment to a balanced and engaging campus life ensures that students not only excel academically but also enjoy a memorable, enriching experience during their time at the school. News & Events 07 & 08 March 2025: Management Development Programme III 22 Mar 2025: Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 25 Mar 2025: Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition 28 Mar to 04 Apr 2025: Faculty Development Programme III 21 Jun 2025: Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch 02 Aug 2025: Ventura 2025 – Finals 29-30 Nov 2024: MDP I 05-07 Dec 2024: Talento 2024 07 & 08 Mar 2025: Management Development Programme II 22 Mar 2025: Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 25 Mar 2025: Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition 28 Mar to 04 Apr 2025: Faculty Development Programme III 16 & 17 May 2025: Management Development Programme III 21 Jun 2025: Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch 02 Aug 2025: Ventura 2025 – Finals Experiential Learning Know More International Accreditation Know More International Internship and Exposure Know More Placements and Employability Initiatives Know More My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achievements Faculty Examination Academic Calendar Circulars TCS iON Placements Admission Enroll for an Event AICTE Approval AICTE Feedback Committees Programme Pattern Examination Calendar Assesment Regulations Exam Timetable POST-EXAM Procedure Management Fests B-Quiz Leadership Through            Outbound Training Current Business           Awareness Activities Student Induction Programme KJIOM in the Media Academia Industry Innovative Series International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis B-School Rankings National Level Students           Achievements Achievements in Management Fests Faculty Achievements Innovative Teaching            Pedagogy Alumni Achievement Media Room Media Room Publications KJSOM in Media * Brochures Read More Placements Placements Welcome to GATE 2022 Campus Placement Season of our University.. Read More Admissions Admission 2024 Admissions are open for all MBA Programmes More details At Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) Upcoming Events NOV 05-12 2024 Faculty Development Programme II NOV 14-15 2024 Rural Immersion Programme NOV 29-30 2024 MDP I DEC 05-07 2024 Talento 2024 DEC 30 2024 Christmas Vacations JAN 16-17 2025 International Conference KRISYM 2025 FEB 03 2025 Panel Discussion on Union Budget 2025 FEB 19 2025 Launch of Abhigyan FEB 21-22 2025 Synectics 2025 FEB-MAR 28-01 2025 Management Development Programme II MAR 22 2025 Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 MAR 25 2025 Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition MAR-APR 28-04 2025 Faculty Development Programme III MAY 16-17 2025 Management Development Programme III JUN 21 2025 Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch AUG 02 2025 Ventura 2025 – Finals Highlights 25 August 2025 Sensitization Campaigns On Government Policies The Institute of Management organized an Orientation Program on Sensitization Campaigns on Government Policies on the 25th of August.. 21 August 2025 Environmental Concerns and Go Green Initiatives The Institute of Management organized an Orientation on Environmental Concerns and Go-Green Initiatives on 21st August 2025.. 21 August 2025 Orientation on Awareness on UNSDG Goals Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management conducted an insightful session on Awareness of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.. 21 August 2025 Awareness on Drug Abuse The Institute of Management organized an impactful Orientation on Drug Abuse on 21st August 2025.. 21 August 2025 Awareness on Gender Equality and Sensitisation At Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management, a special sensitization session on gender equality was conducted with the objective.. 12 August 2025 Anti-Ragging Awareness The Institute of Management conducted a Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on Anti-Ragging Awareness on 12th August 2025.. 04 to 06 August 2025 Leadership Development Programme The Institute of Management, Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) conducted Leadership Development Programme.. 04 August 2025 Mentoring Session on Lean Start-up and Minimum Viable Product The Business Plan Orientation Programme was conducted by the Institute of Management in association with the Institution’s Innovation.. 01 - 02 August 2025 National Level - Management Development Programme (MDP) Institute of Management, Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) organized a dynamic Management Development Program (MDP).. 29 July 2025 Orientation session on Competency Employability and Performance (CPE) Matrix Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University, Institute of Management, conducted an enlightening one-hour orientation session.. 29 July 2025 Orientation session on Minor Project Presentation Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University, Institute of Management, conducted an orientation session on Minor Project Report Preparation.. 21,23,25 July 2025 POP - Strategic Reward Management The Institute of Management at Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University recently organized a comprehensive series of sessions under its Professor.. 19 July 2025 Orientation on Income Tax Return Filing Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management organized a one day workshop on Income Tax Return (ITR) Filing on July 19, 2025.. 17 July 2025 Workshop on Virtual trading using N SMART Application Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management conducted a hands-on workshop on virtual trading using the NSE- N SMART.. 15 July 2025 Industrial visit to Nettur Technical Training Foundation (NTTF) The industrial visit to Nettur Technical Training Foundation (NTTF) aimed to provide students with practical insights into industrial manufacturing.. 07 July 2025 Lean Startup and Minimum Viable Product Business – Applications of Business Model Canvas The Institute of Management at Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University organized an insightful mentoring session on “Lean Startup and Minimum.. 20 June 2025 International Lecture Series (ILS) On June 20, 2025, the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous hosted a highly insightful International Lecture Series.. 14 June 2025 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru continues to broaden the horizons of its MBA students through meaningful industry.. 12 May to 12th June 2025 Aptitude Training Programme (Aptitude for Managers) Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully conducted a comprehensive 60-hour Aptitude Training Programme for its I MBA students.. 09 June 2025 Ventura Launch 2025 & Business Plan Orientation The Ventura 2025 (Business Plan Competition) was launched at Kristu Jayanti School of Management to introduce students.. 31 May 2025 Alumni Mentorship Programme: Campus Placement Orientation - I MBA The campus placement process is widely regarded as a strategic and efficient gateway into the corporate world, offering.. 13 May 2025 Curriculum in Practice for the subject Global Business The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College had the honour of hosting Mr. Jayas Damodaran, Head - Strategy & Operations.. 7, 8, 14 & 15 May 2025 Curriculum in Practice for Course Multinational Modern Trade The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a four-day masterclass on "Key Account Management (KAM).. 07 Dec 24 - 10 May 25 Big Data Analytics The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK.. 07 Dec 24 - 10 May 25 Machine Learning and AI The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK.. 24 May 2025 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) The Academy of Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) at the Kristu Jayanti School of Management has hosted an insightful session aimed at enriching.. 13 May 2025 Comprehensive CPR Training in Collaboration with Bangalore Baptist Hospital Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in collaboration with Bangalore Baptist Hospital, conducted a comprehensive CPR.. 10 May 2025 Alumni Batch Interaction The primary objective of the MBA Alumni Meet 2025 was to foster a sense of community and belongingness among former.. 29 April 2025 Expert Lecture Series on Journey in International Corporations The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, organized an enriching expert lecture.. 28 March to 04 April 2025 Financial Analytics Using Spreadsheets Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized a Financial Modelling Workshop from March 28 to April.. 7, 9 & 11 April 2025 Curriculum in Practice for Course Innovations in Supply Chain Management The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a comprehensive session on "Innovations in Supply Chain Management".. 10 April 2025 Incognito (Business Quiz) in Collaboration with Business Standard Incognito is an annual intra-collegiate business quiz competition organized by the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College.. 07 April 2025 Expert Lecture Series on "Current Trends in the Banking Sector" The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru organized an Expert Lecture Series on "Current Trends in the Banking Sector".. 01 April 2025 International Lecture Series on ‘Crafting Your Narrative Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management hosted a dynamic session titled “Craft Your Narrative” on 1st April 2025.. 31 March 2025 Alumni Mentorship Programme: Campus Placement Orientation - I MBA The campus placement process is often regarded as the fastest route to securing a corporate job, bypassing the rigorous challenges.. 29 March 2025 Learn to Lead Interactive Session on Supply Chain Management Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the “Learn to Lead” session, held on March 29, 2025.. 27 & 28 March 2025 Abhigyan 2025 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 20 & 21 March 2025 Abhigyan 2025 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, titled Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 10 March 2025 Expert Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management underscored the three pillars of a fulfilling life—mind, body, and emotions, highlighting the profound influence.. 07 & 08 March 2025 National level MDP on Fintech for the Next Generation: Innovation, Security, and Financial Inclusion Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully organized a two-day Management Development Program (MDP).. 21 & 22 February 2025 Synectics - Intercollegiate Management Fest Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized Synectics 2025, an event held on February 21st.. 15 February 2025 NSE Empowerment Series- Blockchain Technology: Transforming Financial Markets, FinTech, and Financial Inclusion - Bridging the Gap On February 15, 2025, Mr. Seshadrinathan delivered an insightful lecture on the impact of Blockchain technology.. 15 February 2025 Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management had the privilege of hosting Mr. Mrudul Mudotholy, Director of Mobility & Industrial Solutions at Myelin.. 14 February 2025 Curriculum in Practice – Learning & Development for New Age Organisations Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted the lecture on Training and Learning Design provided valuable insights into structuring effective.. 11 February 2025 Talento 2024 Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted Talento 2024 for the PGCET batch, bringing together 200 first-year MBA (PGCET).. 07 February 2025 International Lecture Series (ILS) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management on February 7th, 2025, organized an International Lecture Series on Business Model Innovation.. 03 February 2025 Student Enrichment Program (SKEP): Union Budget 2025 - 2026 Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, MBA students conducted the Student Knowledge Enrichment Program on Union Budget 2025.. 25 January 2025 Social Outreach Program Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, through its commitment to social responsibility and community engagement, undertakes various initiatives.. 25 January 2025 NSE Empowerment Lecture series on – “Artificial Intelligence on Financial Markets FinTech in Wealth Management” Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an enlightening session on [insert event date], featuring Mr. Raj G, an Industry Trainer from the National.. 04 January 2025 Learn to Lead Series On January 4, 2025, Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched its inaugural session of the 'Learn to Lead' interaction series, a platform designed.. 16 and 17 January 2025 KRISYM 2025 18th Edition of KRISYM 2025 Future of Business Resurgence: Embracing AI and Automation The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in collaboration with Trinity Western University, Canada.. 11 January 2025 NSE Empowerment Lecture series on -“Evolution of Financial Markets in the Digital Era and Opportunities and Challenges in the Digital Banking Revolution” Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an insightful session on January 11, 2025.. 06 to 08 January 2025 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP) is an annual initiative designed to enhance self-awareness.. 06 to 10 January 2025 Mastering Tally: A Five-Day Workshop for MBA Students The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, organized a comprehensive Five-day Tally Workshop from January 6th to 10th, 2025.. 03 January 2025 A Tribute to the transformational leader - Dr Manmohan Singh The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a heartfelt tribute to Dr. Manmohan Singh, the former Prime Minister of India.. 16 to 18 December 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION D, 2024-2026) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP) is an annual initiative.. 16 December 2024 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an International Lecture Series (ILS) session with Prof. Siva Muthaly, Adjunct Faculty at Western Sydney.. 12 December 2024 International Lecture Series The School of Management organized an insightful session for its first-year MBA students from Sections A, B, and C on December 12, 2024.. 09 to 12 December 2024 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP).. 15 Jun to 07 Dec 2024 Natural Language Processing MBA 2023-2025 – Section B, C & D The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College, in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK, organized a Certificate Course on Natural Language.. 09, 10 & 11 Dec 2024 Talento 2024 Talento 2024 was inaugurated by the chief guest, Ms. Majella Baptist, Head of People Development at OSB India Private Limited.. 07 December 2024 Shubh Aarambh - Inauguration of Annual Academic Year 2024-2025 The inauguration program for the first-year MBA and MCA PGCET students of the School of Management and the Department of Computer Science (PG).. 02 December 2024 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of Academic Year 2024-2025 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a grand event called "Shubh Aarambh," welcoming 2nd-year MBA students to their academic journey.. 29 & 30 November 2024 National level MDP on Fostering Resilience in People Management: Navigating Through Disruption and Change The program aimed to equip participants with practical tools and strategies to foster resilience in managing teams during periods.. 28 November 2024 Visit to the Resil Chemicals, Bengaluru The industrial visit to Resil Chemicals Pvt. Ltd. was a valuable experience for I year MBA students, C section. 26 November 2024 National Constitution Day Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous hosted a National Constitution Day program on 26 November 2024.. 25 November 2024 Visit to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Bengaluru Kristu Jayanti School of Management's MBA students, A section, visited the Hewlett Packard (HP) Data Centre, a global leader.. 14 & 15 November 2024 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Program (RIP) on November 14–15, 2024.. 26 November 2024 Commemoration of National Constitution Day On National Constitution Day, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a program to promote awareness and respect for the Indian Constitution.. 22 November 2024 Kristu Jayanti College Hosts Exclusive Faculty Empowerment Session in Collaboration with NSE Academy and FMI, Canada Kristu Jayanti College, in association with NSE Academy and the Financial Modeling Institute (FMI), Canada.. 19 November 2024 Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas The Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated the Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas on November 19, 2024. The panel of MBA students discussed.. 13 November 2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched the NSE Empowerment Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, in collaboration with NSE Bangalore, launched the NSE Empowerment Lecture Series, an initiative aimed at providing students with industry.. 11 November 2024 National Education Day Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated National Education Day on November 11, 2024, in honor of Shri Maulana Abul Kalam Azad's vision for educational equity.. 05 to 12 November 2024 FDP on Python for Machine Learning and Data Visualizations Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully conducted a seven-day Faculty Development Program on "Machine Learning and Data Visualization.. 29 October 2024 Rashtria Ekta Diwas-National Unity Day 2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated National Unity Day on October 29, 2024, in honor of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.. 26 October 2024 BNI Billionaires - Career Talk The second edition of the BNI Billionaires Career Talks was held at the School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru.. 01-09 October 2024 FDP on ‘Mastering Data Analysis with SPSS and Structural Equation Modelling’ The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru organized a National Level Faculty Development Programme (FDP).. 15 October 2024 Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat: Celebrating the Diversity of India The 'Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat' (EBSB) programme, launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 31, 2016.. 10 October 2024 A Tribute to the Legend – Padma Vibhushan Ratan N Tata The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a tribute to Padma Vibhushan Late Ratan N. Tata, a revered industrialist in India.. 09 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning for I MBA C Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a one-day Leadership Outbound Training program for first-year MBA students.. 05 October 2024 Awareness Session on UGC NET for MBA Students Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, and Centre for UGC and CSIR NET/JRF training conducted an orientation session for MBA.. 05 October 2024 Book Review Presentation Kristu Jayanti College's MBA program has organized a Book Review event to enhance students' intellectual growth and professional development.. 04 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning for I MBA B Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a one-day Leadership Outbound Training program for first-year MBA students.. 03 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning Outbound training is a crucial method for students to develop essential skills like communication, teamwork, leadership, and problem-solving.. 03 October 2024 Book Review Presentation The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College held a Book Review Presentation activity for MBA students on October 3, 2024.. 01 October 2024 Gandhi Jayanti Celebration- International Day of Non-Violence The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College held a Book Review Presentation activity for MBA students on October 3, 2024.. 24 September 2024 Vinimay Leadership Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in association with the Department of Computer Science and Business Standard.. 20 September 2024 Mentoring on Innovation and Startup Ecosystem Kristu Jayanti School of Management, conducted an informative session on Mentoring on Innovation and Startup Ecosystem for MBA students.. 19 September 2024 Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS for MBA students on September 19, 2024.. 19 September 2024 Orientation on Poverty Alleviation Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an orientation session on poverty alleviation for the MBA Batch of 2024-26.. 19 September 2024 Orientation on Gender Equality Awareness and Sensitisation Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on Gender Equality Awareness and Sensitization.. 18 September 2024 Awareness Session on Interpersonal Relationships The School of Management held an Awareness Session on Interpersonal Relationships for first-year MBA students on September 18th, 2024.. 18 September 2024 Awareness Session on Viksit Bharat@2047 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an awareness session on "Viksit Bharat" for MBA students.. 18 September 2024 Sensitization campaign on Govt Schemes Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a sensitization campaign on government schemes to raise awareness among students.. 17 - 20 September 2024 Functional English for Managers Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the English department at Kristu Jayanti College organized Functional English for Managers sessions.. 13 September 2024 Student Induction Programme on “Environmental Concern & Go Green Initiatives” for Sec A, B & C Kristu Jayanti College's School of Management held a Student Induction Programme on “Environmental Concern & Go Green Initiatives”.. 13 September 2024 Orientation on Civic Sense The School of Management conducted an orientation on civic sense for first-year MBA students in Section A, B, and C.. 13 September 2024 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management marked a significant milestone with the launch of its first lecture under the Academia-Industry Innovative Series.. 13 September 2024 Financial Planning & Literacy Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management held an orientation on Financial Planning & Literacy for first-trimester MBA students.. 13 September 2024 Orientation on Awareness on UNSDG Goals Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on UNSDG goals for MBA students on September 13, 2024.. 11 September 2024 Case Study Presentation Kristu Jayanti College organized a Case Study Presentation on 11th September 2024 for the MBA students of the 2024 batch.. 10 September 2024 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a business plan competition in partnership with the Institution's Innovation Council (IIC).. 31 Aug to 07 Sep 2024 AMR Workshop - MBA Batch 2023-25 D & E Sec Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a four-day Applied Management Research Workshop for the 2023-25 MBA batch.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Drug Abuse Professor Dr. Baba Gnanakumar emphasized the importance of family and healthy habits in preventing drug abuse and maintaining.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Civic Responsibilities The faculty's orientation program on Civic Responsibilities, led by Dr. Devika Rani, attracted 152 students.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Hygiene and Health Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on Hygiene and Health on August 31, 2024.. 30 & 31 August 2024 Ventura 2024 Business Plan Competition (Intra) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the Institution Innovation Council (IIC) organized the VENTURA 2024.. 29 August 2024 Orientation on Article Review Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an orientation session on article review on August 29, 2024... 27 August 2024 38th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition 2024: Globally Competitive Karnataka – Partnerships for Sustainable and Inclusive Growth Bengaluru, August 27, 2024 – Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru, was the proud host of the 38th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle.. 22 August 2024 Business Plan Orientation On August 22, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on 'Business Plan Orientation... 19 - 23 August 2024 Lean Six Sigma Training Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Six Sigma Green Belt training as a comprehensive five-day course designed to equip participants.. 19-21, 26-28 Aug, 02-04 Sep, 2024 Mini Project Presentation for Sec A, B & C Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted mini project presentations on various business topics, focusing on transitioning from Industrial Revolution.. 19 to 21 August 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION A, 2024-2026) The Leadership Development Programme is an annual initiative for first-year MBA A Section students to enhance self-awareness and leadership skills.. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Bharatiya Knowledge System The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College has organized a Value Added Course (VAC) on the Bharatiya Knowledge System (BKS).. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Universal Human Values - II Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted a 30-hour Value Added Course (VAC) on "Universal Human Values - II".. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Applications of Metaverse in Business Kristu Jayanti College's MBA Batch of 2024-26 is preparing for the upcoming Value Added Course (VAC) on "Applications of Metaverse in Business".. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Holistic Wellness The wellness course was designed to provide students with an understanding of various wellness dimensions, including physical, mental, social, financial.. 14, 26, 27 & 28 August 2024 Strategic Management Course Major General Ravi Murugan's guest lecture series on strategic management explored emerging trends and challenges, focusing.. 12, 13, 14 & 16 August 2024 Life Skills for I Gen Executives Life skills education is a crucial component of the MBA program, designed to enhance academic and professional competencies while fostering personal.. 12 August 2024 Visit to the Times of India Press, Bengaluru The visit began at 2:00 pm with a formal introduction to the Times of India, including their rich history and significant milestones, presented by Mr. Ajith Sanil.. 09 August 2024 Orientation programme for the new MBA batch of 2024-26 The School of Management held an orientation program on August 9, 2024, to welcome the new MBA batch of 2024-26.. 09 August 2024 Introduction to Minor Project Prof. Stephen Deepak, from the Faculty of School of Management, conducted a session for first-year MBA Sec A,B,C students.. 09 August 2024 Orientation on Book Review A book review orientation session was conducted by Prof. Stephen Deepak, a faculty member at the School of Management.. 05, 10, 19, 24 August 2024 Orientation on Book Review A book review orientation session was conducted by Prof. Stephen Deepak, a faculty member at the School of Management.. 01 August 2024 Expert Lecture Series On August 1st, 2024, Dr. Arun Kumar Rath led an Expert Lectures Series for MBA first-year students at the Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 31 July 2024 Industrial / Field Visit to TVS Motors, Hosur, Tamil Nadu Kristu Jayanti College, Bengaluru, conducted its second industrial visit for Sec A students of the 2023-2025 batch on July 31, 2024.. 29, 30 July to 03, 13 Aug 2024 AMR Workshop - MBA Batch 2023-25 A, B & C Sec Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a four-day Applied Management Research Workshop for the 2023-25 MBA batch.. 19 June to 27 July 2024 Ventura 2024 Business Plan Competition (Intra) Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in partnership with the Institution Innovation Council (IIC), organized the annual Intra-School Business Plan Competition.. 26 July 2024 Leaders on Campus Lecture Series - Intra College Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous and The Times of India organized the inaugural Leaders on Campus Lecture Series on 26th July 2024.. 19 July 2024 Project Orientation-1 The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Project Orientation program for first-year MBA students on July 19th, 2024.. 11 July 2024 Workshop on R and Phython for Finance Kristu Jayanti School of Management and NSE Academy held a workshop on R and Python for Finance for Fintech students on July 11th, 2024.. 25 June 2024 Workshop on “Career: Navigating Your Future” This report dives into the invaluable insights shared by esteemed alumni during a recent career workshop.. 21 June 2024 International Yoga Day Yoga for Self and Society On June 21, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management and Kristu Jayanti College of Law jointly organized a yoga session on International Yoga Day.. 15 June 2024 CXO CONCLAVE - 2024 Future of Work: Thriving in the era of VUCA World Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with C-suite professionals, from various industries in presence.. 11 June 2024 Project Orientation II Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a project orientation for the first-year MBA students of the 2023-25 batch on June 11, 2024.. 07 June 2024 Project Orientation-1 On June 7th, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a Project Orientation program for first-year students. Dr. Joseph Charles D led.. 06 June 2024 AIIS - Navigating the Professional Landscape: Workforce Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Godwin Paul, Strategy Associate at International Schools Partnership Limited.. 04 June 2024 Workshop on Curriculum Vitae (CV) Preparation On June 4th, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a placement-oriented program session focused on CV creation to bridge the gap.. 28 May 2024 Placement Orientation On May 28, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a placement orientation to bridge the gap between academic learning and professional employment.. 24 and 25 May 2024 MDP on Supply Chain Resilience for Sustainable Business The Management Development Program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, themed Supply Chain Resilience for Sustainable Business.. 14 May 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) - Indo-French Relations The Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG organized an international lecture series on May 14, 2024.. 02 - 31 May 2024 Abhigyan 2024 – Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts.. 29 & 30 April 2024 Natural Language Processing (MBA 2022-24 - Section C) Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK, orchestrated Python Programming classes tailored for the students.. 20 Jan - 20 Apr 2024 Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in partnership with the Institute of Analytics, UK, orchestrated Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.. 27 April 2024 HR Conclave Agile HR - Embracing Flexibility and Adaptability in HR Practices Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru successfully executed an HR Conclave on Agile HR-Embracing Flexibility and Adaptability in HR Practices on 27th April, 2024.. 16 April 2024 Curriculum in Practice Economic Integration - Global Business Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a Curriculum in Practice (CIP) session for second-year MBA students on April 10th, 15th, and 16th, 2024.. 10 April 2024 Career Workshop The report discusses the insights shared by esteemed alumni during a recent career workshop... 08 April 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) Russia-India Friendship: from Glorious Past to Promising Future The International Lecture Series at Kristu Jayanti College in Chennai, India, featured a guest speaker, His Excellency Oleg Nikolaevich Avdeev.. 06 April 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The Alumni Meet, comprising MBA batches from 2008-10, 2010-12, 2011-13, 2012-14, and 2013-15, took place on April 6, 2024.. 01 April 2024 Expert Lecture Series on Mantras for Building a career that you Want On April 01, 2024, Mr. Debashish Ghosh, Senior Vice President and Country Head – HR, Berkadia, delivered an expert lecture.. 23-25 March 2024 Incognito 2024 - Business Quiz Competition Incognito 2024, an intra-department business quiz competition for MBA students, was held on March 25, 2024.. 23 March 2024 AIIS Career in Finance and Auditing & Health Care Analytics Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an interaction session on March 23rd, 2024, featuring industry experts Mr. Prasad K Dhulipalla and Mr. Srikanth.. 21 & 22, March 2024 Intra-Collegiate Management Fest - Talento - Corporate Screening’ 23 The 18th edition of the Intra-collegiate Management Fest, TALENTO 2023, was organized by Kristu Jayanti School of Management, Bengaluru.. 22, March 2024 Abhigyan 2024 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 20 March 2024 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) on March 20, 2024.. 16 March 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The School of Management, in collaboration with the Kristu Jayanti Alumni Association, hosted the Alumni Meet for the MBA.. 15 & 16 March 2024 MDP on Ethical Leadership and Corporate Social Responsibility The Management Development Program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, titled Ethical Leadership and Corporate Social Responsibility.. 11 March 2024 Knowledge Exchange Program On March 11, 2024, the School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College and Saint Joseph's Business School, Palai, organized a Knowledge Exchange Program.. 06 March 2024 International Lecture Series Leadership and Values in Life On March 6, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an International Lecture to shape the global competencies of emerging managerial talent.. 04 to 06 March 2024 Awareness on “Mera Pehla Vote Desh Ke Liye” The School of Management conducted a comprehensive awareness campaign "Mera Pehla Vote Desh Ke Liye" to educate and inspire students, particularly first-time.. 01 March 2024 Expert Lecture Series On Psychobiology in Strategic Management Enhancing Decision Making & Leadership in Professional Settings Kristu Jayanti School of Management in Bangalore hosted an Expert Lecture on 'Psychobiology in Strategic Management' on March 1, 2024.. 28 February 2024 Vinimay Leadership Series - Born to Lead The School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG organized an expert talk on key mantras for successful leadership on February 28, 2024.. 26 February to 04 March 2024 Faculty Development programme on National Online (Marketing Analytics) The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on Marketing Analytics.. 27 February 2024 Industrial / Field Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi On February 27th, 2024, students from Section B of the first-year MBA program visited Plant 11 of Sansera Engineering Ltd.. 20 February 2024 NIAS-KJC Europe Lecture Series The Europe lecture at Kristu Jayanti College began with a video introduction, followed by a prayer led by the college choir.. 19-21 February 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION E) The Leadership Development Programme is conducted every year to work on the self-understanding and leadership development attributes among the students.. 16 February 2024 Curriculam In Practice - Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a Continuous Improvement Program (CIP) for MBA students in 2021-2023.. 12-14 February 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION D) The Leadership Development Programme was to improve the students’ leadership, and individual characters first-year MBA E Sec (2023 - 2025 group).. 12 February 2024 Expert Lecture Series (ELS) on Go to Market in FMCG Business On February 12, 2024, the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a lecture on "Go to Market in FMCG Business" by Associate Vice President.. 08-09 February 2024 Life Skills For Igen Executives Dr. Jonas Richard, Director of CLSE, introduced the 10 core life skills, including self-awareness, empathy, creative thinking.. 07 February 2024 Inter Collegiate Management Fest Synectics - 2024 Synectics 2024, the 17th National-level Intercollegiate Management Fest, was held on February 7, 2024, at the School of Management.. 07 February 2024 International Lecture Series Operation Strategy, Value Chain and Strategic Alignment Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management orchestrated the International Lecture Series, commencing with a gracious introduction.. 05, 06 & 07 February 2024 Curriculum in Practice Organisational Design Development and Change The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a three-day Curriculum in Practice for second-year MBA students in February 2022-2024.. 03rd February 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The Alumni Meet for MBA Batches 2020-22 & 2021-2023, organized by the School of Management and the Kristu Jayanti Alumni Association.. 02nd February 2024 Panel discussion on Union Budget 2024-25 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a panel discussion on the Union Budget 2024-25 on February 2, 2024.. 02nd February 2024 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme - SKEP The Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) at the School of Management organized a panel discussion on the Union Budget 2024-25.. 01st February 2024 Expert Lecture Series (ELS) on Future of Higher Education in The World of AI In a thought-provoking session organized by the School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG at Kristu Jayanti College.. 20th January 2024 IOA Certificate Course on Big Data Analytics Kristu Jayanti College's School of Management and the Institute of Analytics, UK, have organized programming classes on Big Data Analytics.. 20th January 2024 Professor of Practice Course: Marketing Analytics Topic: Social Media Analytics On January 20, 2024, Mr. Sanjay Gobinath conducted a Social Media Analytics session to provide participants with a comprehensive understanding.. 11th to 12th January 2024 Silver Jubilee International Conference KRISYM 2024 The 16th edition of KRISYM, the Silver Jubilee International Conference, took place on January 11 and 12, 2024,.. 10th to 24th January 2024 Curriculam in Practice Topic: Retail Operations Management Mohan Kuruvilla, a retail expert from IIM Bangalore, discussed the retail industry's evolution from physical stores to online platforms.. 09th January 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) on Branding, Sustainability and Leadership Kristu Jayanti School of Management in Bangalore hosted an International Lecture on 'Branding, Sustainability, and Leadership'.. 06, 08 & 10 January 2024 Curriculum in Practice Logistics and Distribution Management Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Curriculum in Practice (CIP) for second-year MBA students on January 6th, 8th, and 10th, 2024.. 06th January 2024 Student Panel Discussion on Viksit Bharat @ 2047 Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a student panel discussion on January 6, 2024, focusing on the theme 'Viksit Bharat @ 2047'.. 03-17 January 2024 Certificate Course on Tally Prime Release 4.0 Kristu Jayanti School of Management and Edify Institute have launched a comprehensive Tally training program.. 18th to 20th December 2023 Talento 2023 - Intra-collegiate Management Fest The 18th edition of the intra-collegiate management fest, TALENTO 2023, concluded with immense success at Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 08th December 2023 Expert Lecture on Gen AI and Business Impact Kristu Jayanti School of Management, Bangalore, conducted a thought-provoking Expert Lecture on 'Gen AI and Business Impact' on December 08, 2023.. 05th & 06th December 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) ONDC-Digital Business for New India Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in collaboration with the Retailers Association of India (RAI), successfully conducted a two-day Management.. 01th December 2023 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of Academic Year 2023-2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a grand event called "Shubh Aarambh" for 2nd-year MBA students.. 25thNovember 2023 National Constitution Day On November 25, 2023, Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a comprehensive program to commemorate Indian Constitution Day.. 22th - 30th November 2023 FDP on on “Machine Learning and Data Visualization Using python” The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on "Machine Learning and Data Visualization.. 17thNovember 2023 Career Talks in various Business Domains Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the BNI Foundation held a "career talks" session on November 17, 2023.. 16thNovember 2023 Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas Kristu Jayanti School of Management held Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas to honor tribal freedom fighter Birsa Mund.. 10th & 11thNovember 2023 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) on November 10th and 11th, 2023.. 08thNovember 2023 Industrial Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi (Section C) Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted an industrial visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Plant II in Bidadi.. 07thNovember 2023 Industrial Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi (Section A) On November 7th, 2023, first-year MBA students visited Plant 11 of Sansera Engineering Ltd. in Bidadi, Bengaluru, Karnataka.. 04thNovember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Ronald Valsalan, HR Senior Lead Executive at EY and an alumnus.. 03thNovember 2023 Vigilance Awareness Week 2023 On November 3, 2023, Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated Vigilance Awareness Week in honor of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a prominent figure.. 10thOctober 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an interaction with Mr. Aashish Philips Benjamin, Business Operation Officer, ANZ.. 07thOctober 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Alumini Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an interaction with Mr. Vivek Gowda, Manager – Operational Excellence, LSEG (London Stock Exchange Group).. 02ndOctober 2023 Gandhi Jayanti Celebration Kristu Jayanti College organized Gandhi Jayanti celebration for the First Year MBA students (2023-2025) conducted by the faculties.. 01stOctober 2023 “Swachhata hi Seva” A social outreach program was organized at Kristu Jayanti College by the Department of Computer Science on 1st October 2023.. 30thSeptember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an interactive session with Ms. Carol Pinto, Talent Acquisition Partner at Cerner India and an alumna.. 30thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Entrepreneurial Competencies for Economic Empowerment Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on, ‘Entrepreneur Competencies for Economic Empowerment’. Dr .D. Ravindran, School of Management.. 27thSeptember 2023 Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a workshop on LMS. Dr. D. Ravindran, the faculty of the school of management.. 27thSeptember 2023 Vinimay Leadership Series A riveting expert talk on Leadership, Motivation, and the Science of making Organizational Change was organized and hosted by the School of Management.. 25th to 30th September 2023 Workshop on Functional English for Managers Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised a workshop on ‘Functional English for Managers’ for MBA I Trimester.. 25thSeptember 2023 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) - Lunar Journey of New India Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a session on the topic of the Lunar Journey of New India.. 19thSeptember 2023 Article Review Presentation Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an Article Review Presentation for the students of MBA I Trimester.. 30 Aug to 15 Sep 2023 Value Added Course IV: Sustainable Development Goals for Professionals Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a programme of 10 sessions during August 31 and September 15 on Sustainable Development.. 30 Aug to 15 Sep 2023 Value Added Course Universal Human Values Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized value-added courses from 30th August 2023 to 12th September 2023.. 15thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Gender Sensitization Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on Gender Sensitization with Dr. Sheeja Krishnakumar, Associate Professor, School of Management.. 13thSeptember 2023 Leadership Outbound Traning Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a leadership outbound training programme for the first year MBA students at Marthoma Youth Centre.. 09 thSeptember 2023 AIIS on Quality Consciousness - A Key to Success Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Dr. Narasimha Murthy MA, Senior Director, Quality Management, and Country Head - Global SWQ.. 08thSeptember 2023 International Lecture Series (ILS) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an international lecture for the first year MBA students of batch 2023-25.. 06thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Case Study Topic: Workshop on Learning through Case Studies Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a workshop on "Learning from Case Studies" with Dr. Baba Gnanakumar's, discussion.. 04,05 & 07 thSeptember 2023 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized the Leadership Development Programme to enhance the managerial and leadership.. 02ndSeptember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Ideas about Leadership Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Deepak Menon who is a Leadership coach, Business Mentor & Social Impact Advisor.. 31 August to 15 Sep 2023 Value-Added Course (VAC) Design Thinking for Business Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Value-Added Course on the topic Design Thinking for Business for the first year.. 30 August to 12 Sep 2023 VAC on Climate Action and Disaster Risk Reduction Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Value-Added Course on the topic Climate Action and Disaster Risk reduction for the first year MBA students.. 30th August 2023 Orientation On Research Article Review Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an Orientation on Research Article Review by Dr. P.C. Gita, Associate Professor.. 28, 29 & 31 August 2023 Leadership Development Programme The purpose of the Leadership Development Programme was to enhance managerial and leadership qualities among the students of the 1st year.. 26th August 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Career & Life The Kristu Jayanti college school of management organized the Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS), it is a platform to connect the teachings.. 23 to 28, August 2023 Training on ‘Life Skills for iGen Executives’ Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized the training on ‘Life Skills for iGen Executives’.. 23rdAugust 2023 Case Study Presentation Kristu Jayanti School of Management had organized a group case study presentation for the students where they got a chance to showcase.. 21stAugust 2023 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of the 1st Year MBA Batch 2023-2025 The much-awaited event, "Shubh Aarambh," marked the auspicious inauguration of the 1st Year MBA Batch for the academic years 2023-2025.. 20thJune to 25 August 2023 Value Added Course on Quantitative & Aptitude Skills Kristu Jayanti School of Management carried out a 60-hour Aptitude training programme in collaboration with Bizotic.. 22nd August 2023 Student Induction Programme-2023 Orientation On Book Review The orientation was organized by the School of Management, for the newly admitted students in the MBA batch – 2023 – 2025.. 22nd August 2023 Student Induction Programme Orientation to Minor Project The session was handled by Prof. Stephen Deepak, Faculty, School of Management. The session focused on the objectives of minor project.. 17th August 2023 SKEP on Harmful Effects and Legal Aspects of Ragging The Student Knowledge Enrichment Program, held on the 17th of August, was a significant initiative of the Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 11, 12 & 14 August 2023 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College conducted a Leadership Development Programme to empower students to realize their dreams and improve their lives which was exclusively.. 05th August 2023 Project Orientation II The Project Orientation II was organised by Kristu Jayanti School of Management for 1st year MBA students, sections A, B, and C.. 04th August 2023 Research Workshop Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a research workshop under the guidance of Dr Justin Nelson Michael, Director, Centre for Research.. 09th August 2023 37th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition 2023: Elevating Quality, Empowering Teams to Lead and Succeed Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru hosted the 37th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition organized by the Confederation.. 09th August 2023 International Lecture Series (ILS) on India-Uk Peace Relations and Commemorating Hiroshima and Nagasaki Day The program commenced with a warm welcome speech by Dr. MK Baby, the Head of School of Management.. 05th August 2023 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on Rise And Survival Of Byju’s The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous) Bengaluru effectively organized the Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP).. 21st & 22nd July 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) on Future Leaders: Embracing Change and Transformation School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in Collaboration with Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC).. 20th July 2023 MBA Fintech Launch Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched MBA in Fintech in collaboration with the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, Mumbai on 20th July 2023.. 18th Jul to 19th Aug 2023 Ventura 2023 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with Institution Innovation Council (IIC), Kristu Jayanti College.. 14th to 22nd June 2023 Value Added Course on Quantitative & Aptitude Skills Kristu Jayanti School of Management carried out a 50-hour Aptitude training programme in collaboration with Bizotic which is a training and assessment.. 21st June 2023 Celebration of International Yoga Day 2023 Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with the Centre for YOGA and Wellness, commemorated World Yoga Day on 21st June 2023.. 05th to 27th June 2023 Ventura 2023 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with the Institution Innovation Council (IIC), Kristu Jayanti College, organized the annual Intra-School.. 05th June 2023 Business Plan Competition - Ventura 2023 Ventura 2023 is an annual intra-school Business Plan Competition organized by the School of Management in association with The Institution’s Innovation Council.. 05th June 2023 Placement Orientation On June 5, Monday, the Director of the Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR), Prof. Sen B Mathews, took the session on placement orientation.. 05th June 2023 Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised Alumni Connect on the 5th of June 2023 for the first-year MBA students of the batch 2022-2024.. 05th June 2023 Celebration of World Environment Day- Plantation Drive The celebration of World Environment Day started in the School of Management with a Poster Competition promoting creativity and sustainable.. 11th May to 27th June 2023 Abhigyan 2023 - Learning Management Through Theatre ABHIGYAN - Learning Management Concepts through Theatre is one of the experiential learning platforms of Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 26th & 27th May 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru in Collaboration with the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FKCCI).. 18th to 25th May 2023 Faculty Development Program – Emerging Trends and Challenges in Management Education and Research The seven days Faculty Development Programme on Emerging Trends and Challenges in Management Education and Research was inaugurated on 18th May 2023.. 25th May 2023 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, organized an international lecture series on 25th May 2023.. 24th May 2023 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, organized an International Lecture Series (ILS) on Ethical Financing on 24th May 2023.. 23rd & 24th May 2023 Social Outreach Programme (Seva Sourabha) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organizes a visit to Hope for Home Orphanage as a part of the social outreach programme (Seva Sourabha).. 22nd May 2023 Industrial Visit - Experiential Learning at Sansera Engineering Limited Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an industrial visit on the 22nd of May 2023.. 20th May 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized Academia Industry Innovative series On May 20, 2023.. 15th to 27th May 2023 Knowledge Exchange Program with Appalachian State University, USA Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised the 5th Edition of the Knowledge Exchange Programme in collaboration with Appalachian State.. 08th May 2023 Webinar On Business Model Canvas Dr. D. Ravindran is an Assistant Professor at the School of Management and the Innovation Ambassador at the IIC Kristu Jayanti Incubation Centre.. 24th Apr to 02nd May, 2023 Faculty Development programme on Data Analytics using SPSS School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on "Data Analytics Using SPSS".. 29th March 2023 Incognito, a business quiz competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised Incognito, a business quiz competition for MBA students.. 27th & 28th March 2023 Industrial Visit to Times of India Printing Facility Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), School of Management, Bengaluru, organised an industrial visit to the Times of India printing facility.. 02nd March 2023 G20 Presidency: Responsibilities and Opportunities Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru in Collaboration with Hony. Consular Corps Diplomatique-Bangalore Chapter.. 24th February 2023 Analysis of Hindenburg Research Report on Adani Enterprises Ltd The Student knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on "Analysis of Hindenburg Research Report on Adani Enterprises Ltd.. 07, 09, 17th February 2023 National Level Inter-Collegiate Management Fest Synectics 2023 Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a national level Inter-Collegiate Management fest Synectics 2023.. 13, 14, 15th February 2023 Leadership Development Program (LDP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management has organized an interaction with Prof. Anthony Williams, Founder & Director of ZEAL Institute, Bengaluru.. 07th February 2023 Life Skills Forigen Executives The life skills program for MBA students was designed to cover a range of topics essential for personal and professional growth.. 25th February 2023 Launch of - Banking and Finance Endowment Series Contemporary Trends in Banking Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized, the Banking and Finance Endowment Lecture series on the theme ‘Contemporary Trends in Banking’.. 07th February 2023 International Lecture Series Supply Chain Resilience School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized International Lecture Series on Supply Chain Resilience on February 07, 2023.. 04th February 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) on Banking as Career Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Pratheep Balraj J Head – The credit Risk Monitoring Department (Bangalore Zone).. 03rd February 2023 Panel Discussion On Union Budget 2023-24 School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on February 2nd, 2023.. 03rd February 2023 Panel Discussion on Union Budget 2023-24 School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized a Panel Discussion on the Union Budget 2023-24.. 24th January 2023 Curriculum in Practice – Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a CIP on 24th January 2023 for the second-year MBA students of batch 2021-2023.. 11, 17th & 23rd January 2023 Curriculum in Practice As part of the curriculum in practice, Dr. Ghadially conducted classes on designing organizational development interventions.. 03th & 04th January 2023 Curriculum in Practice – Foreign Exchange Management School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College organized a Curriculum in Practice an interactive session with the Professor of practice.. 12th & 13th January 2023 KRISYM 2023 - 16th International Conference Accelerating Growth through Enhancing Managing Competencies Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized ‘KRISYM 2023 the 16th International Conference on Accelerating Growth through Enhancing Managing Competencies.. 17th January 2023 National Youth Day National Youth Day, also known as Vivekananda Jayanti, is celebrated on 12th January every year, being the birthday of Swami Vivekananda.. 05th January 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Ranjith Jose, Vice President and HR Head, Diageo on the 5th of January 2023.. Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/contact-us.php route:
------------------------------
Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University), Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests Please Contact Us Name Email Phone Message Please be free to contact us. While you message your query please try to be more specific and give clear details about the matter. Cancel Submit How to Reach us Mailing Address Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) K. Narayanapura, Kothanur (PO) Bengaluru 560077 Contact Nos. (080)28465611 (080)28465770 (080)28465353 Fax No.(080) 28445161 Official Contact Mails & Contact Personnels 1. Official mail info@kristujayanti.com 2. Admission admission@kristujayanti.com 3. Career Purpose career@kristujayanti.com Campus Management Prof. Bino Joseph Mob.: 9449451111 cmshelpdesk@kristujayanti.com binojoseph@kristujayanti.com International Affairs Fr. Augustine George augustine@kristujayanti.com iroffice@kristujayanti.com Placement Prof. Sen B.MathewsMob.:9632815852placement@kristujayanti.com CCPD & Life Skill Dr. Jonas Richard AMob.:9448532577jonasrichard@kristujayanti.com Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/index.php route:
------------------------------
KJU MBA | Premier Management Program in Bengaluru Karnataka contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management MBA MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Finance Welcome to Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management About the Department Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) has been a beacon of learning and innovation since its inception in 1999 as an affiliated institution under Bangalore University. The Institution is managed by the Christian Missionaries belonging to the order of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI), St. Joseph Province, Kottayam, Kerala. Marking a significant milestone in its journey, Kristu Jayanti attained the ‘autonomous’ status in the year 2013. As per the notification dated July 08, 2025, vide letter No. 9-13/2025 - U.3(A), Kristu Jayanti has been conferred the status of Deemed to be University under section 3 of UGC Act, 1956, by the Department of Higher Education, Ministry of Education, Government of India under General Category. Since its inception in 2002 with an initial intake of just 60 students for the Master of Business Administration (MBA) program, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management has evolved into one of the leading business schools in India, celebrated for its commitment to academic excellence and ethical leadership. With a clear vision and steadfast mission, it has nurtured a generation of wise, innovative business leaders and dynamic entrepreneurs who now span the globe. The MBA program follows a rigorous trimester system, with a current intake of 360 students, ensuring comprehensive education tailored to meet modern-day business challenges. The program emphasizes both academic rigor and practical learning, equipping students with the skills required to excel in dynamic global markets with the following vision and mission: Vision To develop future leaders enriched with purpose, professionalism, and ethics. Mission We are committed to imparting quality management education, drawing from global corporate experience, with exceptional student support services. With this purpose, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management continues its path-breaking journey, driven by values and a commitment to excellence, creating a lasting impact on both students and the global business community. About the Department Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management stands out for its dynamic, industry-aligned, and globally recognized management education. International Accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA: The MBA Programme of the school holds prestigious international accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA, endorsing its commitment to quality and global academic standards. At its core, the school emphasizes Outcome-Based Education (OBE), ensuring that students achieve measurable skills and competencies that align with industry needs. One full Trimester dedicated for Industry Immersion: The curriculum, structured on a trimester basis, includes five trimesters on campus and one trimester devoted to industry immersion. This model, along with an industry- centric syllabus and skill-focused pedagogy, offers a holistic approach to learning that is highly valued by employers. Industry Certified Courses: Gain market-relevant skills through certifications like KPMG's Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and Tally ERP from NICT Academy. In partnership with Bizotic, we also offer targeted aptitude training to ensure students are job-ready. i.	Lean Six Sigma Green Belt – KPMG: This certification focuses on improving business processes by minimizing waste and reducing variation, which increases efficiency and quality. Students learn problem-solving, analytical thinking, and data-driven decision-making. The Lean Six Sigma methodology is highly valued across industries, particularly in manufacturing, healthcare, and finance, for its impact on quality control and operational efficiency. This certification opens doors to roles such as quality control analyst, process improvement specialist, and operations manager. ii.	Tally ERP - NICT Academy: Tally ERP is one of the most popular accounting software programs in India and globally. This certification covers financial and business management software skills, essential for maintaining accounting records, inventory, and payroll. Students acquire expertise in bookkeeping, inventory management, tax filing, and other accounting essentials, which are crucial for roles in finance and accounting. Tally ERP certification is highly regarded for roles such as accountant, finance assistant, and small business manager. Activity based and experiential learning pedagogies: The institution fosters activity-based and experiential learning, honing students' practical skills and attitudinal development, crucial for making them industry-ready. i.	Leadership Development Programme in coloration with the Zeal Institute: Courses and seminars, from Zeal Institute pioneered by Anthony Williams, have been an incredible source of inspiration to entrepreneurs, professionals and students, enabling them to access their true power and achieve extraordinary accomplishments in life and career. Leadership development is an integral to the programme, bolstered by a collaboration with Zeal Institute, Bengaluru, which strengthens students' leadership competencies. ii.	NSMART Simulated Market Trading Platform: The NSMART simulated trading platform, in partnership with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, gives students hands-on exposure to the stock market, a crucial skill for future managers. iii.	Industrial visits: Learning by observation is achieved through the experiential learning through industry visits wherein every batch of students are taken to visit 3 industries. iv.	Learning Management System: Teaching methodologies are diverse, involving case studies, mini- projects and collaborative learning, all supported by a state-of-the-art Learning Management System (LMS). Professors with a blend of teaching and industry experience: The faculty comprises a unique blend of academicians and industry experts who bring practical insights into the classroom deploying a variety of pedagogical approach such as activity-based learning, case study-based learning, collaborative learning, participatory learning, experiential learning. Professors of Practice – Classroom teaching by Industry experts: Industry experts frequently contribute to the curriculum as Professors of Practice, adding significant value to the student learning experience. A part or a couple of modules of a course is taught by the industry experts sharing valuable practical insights bridging the gap between academia and the industry. Alumni Connect: With 21 batches completing MBA degree since its inception in 2002, the school boosts a very strong alumni network with the alumni members contributing to the development of the curriculum, the student community and the intuition through regular interactions, insight sharing sessions and also in campus placements. Enhancing employability through empowerment: i. Aptitude Training – Bizotic solutions: Bizotic specializes in training students in essential aptitude skills, which are often a key part of recruitment exams and assessments for internships and entry-level positions. The training includes quantitative reasoning, logical thinking, verbal ability, and data interpretation incorporating more than 35 topics. These skills are critical for competitive exams, job assessments, and interviews. Aptitude training helps students perform better in placement exams and competitive job markets, enhancing their prospects in fields like engineering, management, IT, and consulting. ii. Mock Group Discussions: Guidance to succeed in group discussion rounds during the recruitment process is provided through the Mock group discussion activities where students are divided into groups and contemporary topics are given for the students to discuss. iii.	Mock Interviews: Mock interviews involving industry experts, alumni members and faculty members are organized to provide a practical experience of the different interview techniques such as the technical interview, the stress interview and HR interview. iv. CV design workshop: Tips on drafting a CV according to the job description is provided to CV design workshop. v. Just a Minute (JAM), Just two minutes and just three minutes talks: Just a minute (JAM) talks are conducted to enhance the communication skills of the MBA students and also to prepare them to speak on any given topic on the spot. vi. Faculty and Alumni mentorship: Mentorship through alumni interactions and faculty involvement enhances the conceptual knowledge, procedural knowledge and confidence levels of the budding managers. Uniqueness of the department Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management stands out for its dynamic, industry-aligned, and globally recognized management education. International Accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA: The MBA Programme of the school holds prestigious international accreditation from the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs (ACBSP), USA, endorsing its commitment to quality and global academic standards. At its core, the school emphasizes Outcome-Based Education (OBE), ensuring that students achieve measurable skills and competencies that align with industry needs. One full Trimester dedicated for Industry Immersion: The curriculum, structured on a trimester basis, includes five trimesters on campus and one trimester devoted to industry immersion. This model, along with an industry- centric syllabus and skill-focused pedagogy, offers a holistic approach to learning that is highly valued by employers. Industry Certified Courses: Gain market-relevant skills through certifications like KPMG's Lean Six Sigma Green Belt and Tally ERP from NICT Academy. In partnership with Bizotic, we also offer targeted aptitude training to ensure students are job-ready. i.	Lean Six Sigma Green Belt – KPMG: This certification focuses on improving business processes by minimizing waste and reducing variation, which increases efficiency and quality. Students learn problem-solving, analytical thinking, and data-driven decision-making. The Lean Six Sigma methodology is highly valued across industries, particularly in manufacturing, healthcare, and finance, for its impact on quality control and operational efficiency. This certification opens doors to roles such as quality control analyst, process improvement specialist, and operations manager. ii.	Tally ERP - NICT Academy: Tally ERP is one of the most popular accounting software programs in India and globally. This certification covers financial and business management software skills, essential for maintaining accounting records, inventory, and payroll. Students acquire expertise in bookkeeping, inventory management, tax filing, and other accounting essentials, which are crucial for roles in finance and accounting. Tally ERP certification is highly regarded for roles such as accountant, finance assistant, and small business manager. Activity based and experiential learning pedagogies: The institution fosters activity-based and experiential learning, honing students' practical skills and attitudinal development, crucial for making them industry-ready. i.	Leadership Development Programme in coloration with the Zeal Institute: Courses and seminars, from Zeal Institute pioneered by Anthony Williams, have been an incredible source of inspiration to entrepreneurs, professionals and students, enabling them to access their true power and achieve extraordinary accomplishments in life and career. Leadership development is an integral to the programme, bolstered by a collaboration with Zeal Institute, Bengaluru, which strengthens students' leadership competencies. ii.	NSMART Simulated Market Trading Platform: The NSMART simulated trading platform, in partnership with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, gives students hands-on exposure to the stock market, a crucial skill for future managers. iii.	Industrial visits: Learning by observation is achieved through the experiential learning through industry visits wherein every batch of students are taken to visit 3 industries. iv.	Learning Management System: Teaching methodologies are diverse, involving case studies, mini- projects and collaborative learning, all supported by a state-of-the-art Learning Management System (LMS). Professors with a blend of teaching and industry experience: The faculty comprises a unique blend of academicians and industry experts who bring practical insights into the classroom deploying a variety of pedagogical approach such as activity-based learning, case study-based learning, collaborative learning, participatory learning, experiential learning. Professors of Practice – Classroom teaching by Industry experts: Industry experts frequently contribute to the curriculum as Professors of Practice, adding significant value to the student learning experience. A part or a couple of modules of a course is taught by the industry experts sharing valuable practical insights bridging the gap between academia and the industry. Alumni Connect: With 21 batches completing MBA degree since its inception in 2002, the school boosts a very strong alumni network with the alumni members contributing to the development of the curriculum, the student community and the intuition through regular interactions, insight sharing sessions and also in campus placements. Enhancing employability through empowerment: i. Aptitude Training – Bizotic solutions: Bizotic specializes in training students in essential aptitude skills, which are often a key part of recruitment exams and assessments for internships and entry-level positions. The training includes quantitative reasoning, logical thinking, verbal ability, and data interpretation incorporating more than 35 topics. These skills are critical for competitive exams, job assessments, and interviews. Aptitude training helps students perform better in placement exams and competitive job markets, enhancing their prospects in fields like engineering, management, IT, and consulting. ii. Mock Group Discussions: Guidance to succeed in group discussion rounds during the recruitment process is provided through the Mock group discussion activities where students are divided into groups and contemporary topics are given for the students to discuss. iii.	Mock Interviews: Mock interviews involving industry experts, alumni members and faculty members are organized to provide a practical experience of the different interview techniques such as the technical interview, the stress interview and HR interview. iv. CV design workshop: Tips on drafting a CV according to the job description is provided to CV design workshop. v. Just a Minute (JAM), Just two minutes and just three minutes talks: Just a minute (JAM) talks are conducted to enhance the communication skills of the MBA students and also to prepare them to speak on any given topic on the spot. vi. Faculty and Alumni mentorship: Mentorship through alumni interactions and faculty involvement enhances the conceptual knowledge, procedural knowledge and confidence levels of the budding managers. Programmes offered The Institute of Management offers three robust two-year postgraduate programs in management: i.	Master of Business Administration (MBA) ii.	MBA in Fintech iii.	MBA in International Business Major features of each programmes i.	Master of Business Administration (MBA) - Accredited by ACBSP, USA The 2-year MBA programme at Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management with an intake of 240 students, in line with industry demands, the curriculum provides six specialized electives: a)	International Finance in collaboration with the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), UK ☞ The elective specialization in International Finance is offered in collaboration with the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), UK wherein the students get exemptions for the 9 out of the 13 papers to get qualified with ACCA. b)	Business Analytics in collaboration with Institute of Analytics, UK ☞ The elective specialization in Business Analytics is offered in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics (IOA), UK. The curriculum accredited by the international body equips the students with technical acumen, business domain knowledge and analytics prowess. c)	Strategic Finance benchmarked with Certified Public Accountant (CPA) curriculum: ☞ The elective specialization in Strategic Finance is offered in tie-up with miles education. The curriculum is benchmarked with the international professional certification on Certified Public Accountant to prepare the students to handle the challenges of managing the financial aspects of a business. ☞ d)	Marketing and Supply Chain Management ☞ e)	Finance ☞ f)	Human Resource Management and Corporate Psychology ii.	MBA in Fintech in collaboration with National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy: MBA (Fintech) programme with an intake of 60 students is a 2-year programme offered in collaboration with the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy. This programme aims to equip students with the necessary knowledge and skills to seize opportunities in the rapidly evolving fintech industry. The curriculum is structured to meet the demands of both the industry and job market. Additionally, the program seeks to bridge the gap between academia and industry, ensuring that students receive education that is relevant and aligned with current professional requirements. iii.	MBA in International Business The MBA in International Business at Kristu Jayanti Univesity with an intake of 60 students offers a curriculum that explores the intricacies of international trade, global marketing, cross-cultural management, and international finance. The program aims to foster a global mindset, preparing students to navigate the complexities and challenges of the international business landscape. Enrolling in the MBA in International Business at Kristu Jayanti University opens doors to a multitude of benefits for students. Graduates are equipped with the skills and knowledge needed to excel in the global business arena, making them highly sought-after professionals by multinational corporations and organizations with international operations Major Department activities a)	Industry Interactive platforms: The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers a wide array of activities designed to enhance students’ academic and professional growth. These interactive platforms also help to bridge the gap between the industry and academia and also in preparing students for the Corporate career. These include the following various industry interaction platforms: ☞ The Annual International Conference, KRISYM (Kristu Jayanti Symposium) ☞ Vinimay Leadership Series – A platform to interact with visionary business leaders ☞ Expert Lecture Series – A platform to interact with domain experts ☞ International Lecture Series – A platform to interact with international visionary leaders from the global business and academia. ☞ Academia Industry Innovative Series – a platform to interact with the lower- level managers, middle level managers and alumni members. ☞ Student Exchange programmes with the partnering universities abroad. The program also includes a short-term course at partner universities abroad and international industry exposure. ☞ Experiential learning is emphasized through industry visits, conclaves, summits, and panel discussions organized in partnership with industry bodies such as the Confederation of Indian Industry, BNI Billionaires Bangalore Southeast Chapter, and the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FKCCI). b)	Domain-specific skills through competitive spirit: Students develop domain-specific skills through the following competitive events: ☞ Talento – An intra departmental management fest incorporating eleven events namely, the Best CEO, the Best Entrepreneur, the Best Management Team, 7Ps Marketing event, Fintech event, People Management event, Global Business event, CSR and Sustainability event, Analytics and Operations event, Viksit Bharat @ 2047 – Design Thinking event and the Business Quiz event. ☞ Incognito – An intra departmental annual business quiz competition in collaboration with Business Standard. ☞ Abhigyan – A platform to learn management concepts through theatre. Students are divided in to groups to learn a management concept and emulate it though a theatre play. Students are given various awards such as the Best Director, the Best Script writer, the Best Actor, the Best Actress, the best support Actor, the best support actress, the best villain, the best comedian, the best poster designer, the best trailer and the overall runners and winners championships. ☞ Ventura – An intra departmental Business Plan Competition to hone the business acumen of the MBA students. ☞ Competency Performance and Employability Matrix (CPE Matrix) – An indigenously developed graduate attributes assessment and evaluation matrix mapping the various activities to 19 specific skills for the management students based on the National Higher Education Qualification Framework (NHEQF). ☞ Star of the month award – Based on the scores of the CPE matrix, the star students of the month are recognized with certificates of appreciation. Additional Value-Generating Programs The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management enriches its curriculum with various value- added activities to enhance students' personal and professional skills. These include the following activities: a) Student Induction Programme A 45 days of induction programme comprising of an entry level assessment, minor project, book review, article review, bridge courses, value added courses and pre-requisite courses are conducted for every new batch of MBA students on campus. b)	Samvaad: A personal branding exercise focusing on enhancing the communication skills of a student both individually and at a group level. It also enhances the collaborative and team building skills of the students. c)	Kaizen: A continuous self-improvement activity focusing at enhancing the knowledge by reading beyond the text books achieved through newspaper article reviews, magazine article reviews, management jargons, contributions and life lessons from management gurus and business leaders. d)	Current Business Awareness sessions: A group learning platform to enhance the current business awareness through news reading, presentations and quizzes. e)	Workshop on Functional English: Functional English workshop in collaboration with the Department of English at Kristu Jayanti University to enhance the English communication of the management students. f)	Life Skills Education: Training programme on the 10 important life skills namely self-awareness, communication, critical thinking, creative thinking, decision making, problem solving, empathy, coping with emotions, stress management and interpersonal skills. g)	Rural Immersion Programmes and Social Outreach Programmes: To foster holistic development, community engagement and social awareness, the rural immersion programmes and social outreach programmes are conducted. h)	Leadership Outbound Training Programme: To enhance the leadership skills, risk taking abilities and resilience of the MBA students a one day leadership outbound training programme is organized. Major Achievements The following are the major achievements of Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management: ☞ Internationally accredited by the Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs [ACBSP] USA ☞ Finalists at the 9th Indian Management Conclave 2018 at IIM Bangalore on the theme the Best MBA Pedagogy ☞ Consistently ranked among the top 100 B Schools in the Country for the past 10 years ☞ The school is 53 among the private B Schools in India as per the Fortune India – India’s Best B-School Survey 2023. ☞ The school is 20 among the private B Schools in south India as per the India Today Best B-School Survey 2023. ☞ The school is consistently ranked among the top 7 B Schools in Bengaluru. ☞ 100% Placement with the Highest salary package of 16.2 Lakhs ☞ Winners at the National Level Debate competition at NSB B School in 2023 ☞ Winners of National level B Plan Contest in 2018 ☞ Winners of the all Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge 2017 Placements Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers a 100% placement with a highest package of 16.2 Lakhs per annum. Led by the Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR), the school prepares the MBA students with Career Workshops, Campus to Corporate industry interactive sessions, alumni connect and training sessions. Talent Transformation Team: The CECR is the prime department responsible for all the placement related queries such as training, providing opportunities for part/full time internships in reputed organizations for eligible students. The placement record of the university is a proof of the confidence shown by the industry/corporate officials in our students. GATE: The Centre starts the Placement Orientation and Training Program by Inaugurating the GATE - Opening a passage The Placement Orientation and Training Programs are attuned to the needs of the industry in the era of globalization, the ever-growing challenges and the complexities of business. GATE will make the students highly committed & dedicated and prepares them to meet the challenges in the Corporate World. The Placement Orientation and Training program of the Centre for Employability & Corporate Relations, for the young talents, is a continuous process which helps them get exposed to the industry practices and opens a passage to the Corporate World. GATE prepares the students for the final placements. The Cell serves as a launch pad to students for them to make the critical leap from academic to corporate world. It acts as a nodal point for all placements related activities as well as internships. It helps students to plan their career by providing information and guide them about the companies which approach the University for recruitment. The Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR) has a process and set guidelines to make students more serious about the Final Placement Initiatives. Every student looking for final placements has to submit a Need Analysis Questionnaire, a copy of their profile and should compulsorily appear & clear the Aptitude Test paper of CECR to make them eligible for Final Placements. Placement Process: The CECR centre helps students in career planning through career counselling wherein they gather information about themselves in terms of their interests, aptitudes and abilities so that they can choose their careers more effectively. The Centre allows individuals to explore the world of employment and helps them to move from a general occupation direction to a specific one. Through the Career Plan form, CECR will know the exact headcount looking for final placements, going for higher studies (India & Abroad) and planning to become entrepreneurs. The Career Plan exercise will be followed by separate training programs for students opting for Final Placements, higher studies and planning to start up their own business. The selection process by the company usually starts with a pre-placement talk in which the organization gives the students insight into the company profile, job profile, CTC etc. followed by the actual selection process of written test/group discussion/interview etc. Aptitude Training: These classes refresh the fundamental areas of mathematics and logic of the students and cover areas like – Quantitative ability, Logical reasoning, Puzzles and Verbal ability. Orientations: Orientation on choosing the right career path, the different career opportunities, current industry trends, the company profiles and ensuring the right mind set are conducted regularly for the MBA students. Functional knowledge Training: Functional knowledge trainings on the basic concepts are provided by the school in collaboration with the CECR office on domains such as Finance, HR, Marketing, Analytics, Supply Chain, Banking to name a few. Pre placement training programs: Pre placement training programs such as mock Group Discussions and mock interviews are conducted by the professors, alumni members and the industry professionals in the university campus. Major Recruiters: More than 70 multi-national corporates and Indian Corporates from the following industry domains visit the campus every year: Consultancy ☞ These roles provide specialized consulting services in areas such as tax, audit, and compliance, focusing on helping clients optimize their financial operations and ensure regulatory compliance. ☞ The following are the companies that are the major campus recruiters in the consultancy domain: CLICK HERE TO VIEW LIST Opportunities The Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers its MBA students a variety of opportunities for both personal and professional development. These include participation in high-impact events like the Annual International Conference and industry interaction platforms such as the Vinimay Leadership Series, Expert Lecture Series, and Academia Industry Innovative Series. Students can engage directly with global and Indian visionaries, gain international exposure through short-term programs at partner universities, and build domain-specific skills through competitive events like Talento and Incognito. Apart from these the MBA students have the following opportunities during their stint with the school: Support to compete in National Level Management Fests Students receive guidance and resources to participate in prestigious management fests nationwide, allowing them to showcase and sharpen their leadership, analytical, and teamwork skills. Training to participate in Business Plan competitions Tailored training is provided to students to develop impactful business plans, helping them cultivate entrepreneurship skills and gain exposure to pitching ideas in competitive settings. Encouragement to participate in quiz competitions Students are encouraged to join quiz competitions, fostering knowledge across diverse domains, enhancing critical thinking, and building quick decision-making abilities. Coaching for competitive exams such as CSIR NET The school offers coaching support for students preparing for competitive exams, such as CSIR NET, empowering them to pursue academic and research-oriented careers. Opportunities for event management with industry bodies such as CII, NASSCOM, BCIC etc Partnerships with industry bodies like the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), the Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC) and National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) provide students with hands-on experience in managing events, building industry networks, and developing organizational skills. Library access Students have full access to a well-stocked library with resources that support their coursework, research, and additional learning in management and related fields. Encouragement to undertake MOOC courses and certifications The school motivates students to pursue MOOCs and other certification from SWAYAM, NPTEL, enabling them to gain specialized knowledge and stay updated with industry-relevant skills. Four credits are assigned in the curriculum to encourage the students to complete it. Access to the Gymnasium On-campus gym facilities promote a healthy lifestyle, allowing students to balance physical fitness with academic and extracurricular activities. School Choir Participation in the school choir offers students a creative outlet and a chance to engage in cultural expression, contributing to a well-rounded academic experience. Significance of Institute of Management At Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management, students are encouraged to engage in a vibrant and diverse campus life that extends beyond academics. Through an array of clubs, celebrations, and entertainment activities, the school provides ample opportunities for students to grow holistically, connect with peers, and explore their talents. Clubs The School hosts a variety of student-led clubs, each designed to develop specialized skills and cater to specific interests: AI & Fintech Club: This club explores advancements in artificial intelligence and financial technology, offering workshops, discussions, and projects on cutting-edge trends and applications in these fields. Business Quiz Club: For those with a knack for general knowledge and business trivia, the Business Quiz Club offers regular quizzes and competitions that sharpen analytical and problem-solving skills. Cross Border Biz Club: With a focus on international business, this club allows students to delve into global markets, trade policies, and cross-border business strategies, providing insights into a globalized economy. Financial Investment Club: This club is dedicated to students interested in investment and finance. Activities include stock market simulations, portfolio management challenges, and discussions on financial strategies. Happiness & Fun Club: Aimed at fostering a positive and lively atmosphere on campus, this club organizes fun activities, social events, and stress-relief workshops to enhance well-being and promote student happiness. HR in Practice Club: Students in this club get practical exposure to human resource management through role-plays, case studies, and interaction with HR professionals, enhancing their understanding of workplace dynamics. Marketrix Club: For aspiring marketers, this club provides a platform to learn and apply marketing strategies, organize campaigns, and analyze case studies, helping students develop creative and analytical skills. Ted Talk Club: This club brings together students with a passion for sharing ideas and inspiring others. Through Ted-style presentations and discussions, students practice public speaking and expand their perspectives. Celebrations The Institute of Management celebrates various days of national importance, reflecting its commitment to cultural awareness and social responsibility: Gandhi Jayanti: Celebrating the life and teachings of Mahatma Gandhi, this day fosters a spirit of peace and non-violence through discussions and events that honor his legacy. National Unity Day: Marking the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, this day celebrates the strength of India's diversity with events promoting national unity and integrity. Janjatiya Gaurav Divas: Observed to honor the contributions of tribal communities, this day highlights cultural diversity and promotes respect for indigenous heritage. International Yoga Day: The school celebrates wellness and mindfulness on International Yoga Day with yoga sessions and wellness workshops, encouraging students to adopt healthy lifestyles. Competitions and Entertainment The School regularly organizes competitions and events that allow students to showcase their creativity, leadership, and sporting skills: Creative Competitions: Activities like digital poster design, elocution, essay writing, pencil sketching, singing, music, and reel making provide students with platforms to express their creativity and showcase their talents. Sports: Physical fitness and team spirit are fostered through various sports activities, giving students an opportunity to compete, stay active, and enjoy camaraderie outside of academic settings. The Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) at Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management is a unique and dynamic learning initiative that empowers students to actively engage in their own professional growth and contribute to their peers’ learning experiences. Through SKEP, students step into the role of resource persons, taking responsibility for researching, analyzing, and presenting contemporary issues in business and economics, thereby developing critical skills essential for business leaders. The topics chosen for SKEP presentations reflect the dynamic nature of the business world and focus on issues that are shaping the future of industries and economies. Topics might include emerging technologies, global trade challenges, economic policies, market disruptions, and environmental sustainability. When analyzing debatable dilemmas, students explore ethical and strategic questions that business leaders face today, encouraging critical thinking and discussion among peers. Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management’s commitment to a balanced and engaging campus life ensures that students not only excel academically but also enjoy a memorable, enriching experience during their time at the school. News & Events 07 & 08 March 2025: Management Development Programme III 22 Mar 2025: Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 25 Mar 2025: Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition 28 Mar to 04 Apr 2025: Faculty Development Programme III 21 Jun 2025: Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch 02 Aug 2025: Ventura 2025 – Finals 29-30 Nov 2024: MDP I 05-07 Dec 2024: Talento 2024 07 & 08 Mar 2025: Management Development Programme II 22 Mar 2025: Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 25 Mar 2025: Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition 28 Mar to 04 Apr 2025: Faculty Development Programme III 16 & 17 May 2025: Management Development Programme III 21 Jun 2025: Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch 02 Aug 2025: Ventura 2025 – Finals Experiential Learning Know More International Accreditation Know More International Internship and Exposure Know More Placements and Employability Initiatives Know More My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achievements Faculty Examination Academic Calendar Circulars TCS iON Placements Admission Enroll for an Event AICTE Approval AICTE Feedback Committees Programme Pattern Examination Calendar Assesment Regulations Exam Timetable POST-EXAM Procedure Management Fests B-Quiz Leadership Through            Outbound Training Current Business           Awareness Activities Student Induction Programme KJIOM in the Media Academia Industry Innovative Series International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis B-School Rankings National Level Students           Achievements Achievements in Management Fests Faculty Achievements Innovative Teaching            Pedagogy Alumni Achievement Media Room Media Room Publications KJSOM in Media * Brochures Read More Placements Placements Welcome to GATE 2022 Campus Placement Season of our University.. Read More Admissions Admission 2024 Admissions are open for all MBA Programmes More details At Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) Upcoming Events NOV 05-12 2024 Faculty Development Programme II NOV 14-15 2024 Rural Immersion Programme NOV 29-30 2024 MDP I DEC 05-07 2024 Talento 2024 DEC 30 2024 Christmas Vacations JAN 16-17 2025 International Conference KRISYM 2025 FEB 03 2025 Panel Discussion on Union Budget 2025 FEB 19 2025 Launch of Abhigyan FEB 21-22 2025 Synectics 2025 FEB-MAR 28-01 2025 Management Development Programme II MAR 22 2025 Abhigyan Finals & Launch of Incognito 2025 MAR 25 2025 Incognito Finals – Business Quiz Competition MAR-APR 28-04 2025 Faculty Development Programme III MAY 16-17 2025 Management Development Programme III JUN 21 2025 Ventura 2025 – Business Plan Competition – Launch AUG 02 2025 Ventura 2025 – Finals Highlights 25 August 2025 Sensitization Campaigns On Government Policies The Institute of Management organized an Orientation Program on Sensitization Campaigns on Government Policies on the 25th of August.. 21 August 2025 Environmental Concerns and Go Green Initiatives The Institute of Management organized an Orientation on Environmental Concerns and Go-Green Initiatives on 21st August 2025.. 21 August 2025 Orientation on Awareness on UNSDG Goals Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management conducted an insightful session on Awareness of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.. 21 August 2025 Awareness on Drug Abuse The Institute of Management organized an impactful Orientation on Drug Abuse on 21st August 2025.. 21 August 2025 Awareness on Gender Equality and Sensitisation At Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management, a special sensitization session on gender equality was conducted with the objective.. 12 August 2025 Anti-Ragging Awareness The Institute of Management conducted a Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on Anti-Ragging Awareness on 12th August 2025.. 04 to 06 August 2025 Leadership Development Programme The Institute of Management, Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) conducted Leadership Development Programme.. 04 August 2025 Mentoring Session on Lean Start-up and Minimum Viable Product The Business Plan Orientation Programme was conducted by the Institute of Management in association with the Institution’s Innovation.. 01 - 02 August 2025 National Level - Management Development Programme (MDP) Institute of Management, Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University) organized a dynamic Management Development Program (MDP).. 29 July 2025 Orientation session on Competency Employability and Performance (CPE) Matrix Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University, Institute of Management, conducted an enlightening one-hour orientation session.. 29 July 2025 Orientation session on Minor Project Presentation Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University, Institute of Management, conducted an orientation session on Minor Project Report Preparation.. 21,23,25 July 2025 POP - Strategic Reward Management The Institute of Management at Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University recently organized a comprehensive series of sessions under its Professor.. 19 July 2025 Orientation on Income Tax Return Filing Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management organized a one day workshop on Income Tax Return (ITR) Filing on July 19, 2025.. 17 July 2025 Workshop on Virtual trading using N SMART Application Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management conducted a hands-on workshop on virtual trading using the NSE- N SMART.. 15 July 2025 Industrial visit to Nettur Technical Training Foundation (NTTF) The industrial visit to Nettur Technical Training Foundation (NTTF) aimed to provide students with practical insights into industrial manufacturing.. 07 July 2025 Lean Startup and Minimum Viable Product Business – Applications of Business Model Canvas The Institute of Management at Kristu Jayanti Deemed to be University organized an insightful mentoring session on “Lean Startup and Minimum.. 20 June 2025 International Lecture Series (ILS) On June 20, 2025, the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous hosted a highly insightful International Lecture Series.. 14 June 2025 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru continues to broaden the horizons of its MBA students through meaningful industry.. 12 May to 12th June 2025 Aptitude Training Programme (Aptitude for Managers) Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully conducted a comprehensive 60-hour Aptitude Training Programme for its I MBA students.. 09 June 2025 Ventura Launch 2025 & Business Plan Orientation The Ventura 2025 (Business Plan Competition) was launched at Kristu Jayanti School of Management to introduce students.. 31 May 2025 Alumni Mentorship Programme: Campus Placement Orientation - I MBA The campus placement process is widely regarded as a strategic and efficient gateway into the corporate world, offering.. 13 May 2025 Curriculum in Practice for the subject Global Business The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College had the honour of hosting Mr. Jayas Damodaran, Head - Strategy & Operations.. 7, 8, 14 & 15 May 2025 Curriculum in Practice for Course Multinational Modern Trade The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a four-day masterclass on "Key Account Management (KAM).. 07 Dec 24 - 10 May 25 Big Data Analytics The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK.. 07 Dec 24 - 10 May 25 Machine Learning and AI The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK.. 24 May 2025 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) The Academy of Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) at the Kristu Jayanti School of Management has hosted an insightful session aimed at enriching.. 13 May 2025 Comprehensive CPR Training in Collaboration with Bangalore Baptist Hospital Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in collaboration with Bangalore Baptist Hospital, conducted a comprehensive CPR.. 10 May 2025 Alumni Batch Interaction The primary objective of the MBA Alumni Meet 2025 was to foster a sense of community and belongingness among former.. 29 April 2025 Expert Lecture Series on Journey in International Corporations The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, organized an enriching expert lecture.. 28 March to 04 April 2025 Financial Analytics Using Spreadsheets Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized a Financial Modelling Workshop from March 28 to April.. 7, 9 & 11 April 2025 Curriculum in Practice for Course Innovations in Supply Chain Management The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a comprehensive session on "Innovations in Supply Chain Management".. 10 April 2025 Incognito (Business Quiz) in Collaboration with Business Standard Incognito is an annual intra-collegiate business quiz competition organized by the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College.. 07 April 2025 Expert Lecture Series on "Current Trends in the Banking Sector" The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru organized an Expert Lecture Series on "Current Trends in the Banking Sector".. 01 April 2025 International Lecture Series on ‘Crafting Your Narrative Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management hosted a dynamic session titled “Craft Your Narrative” on 1st April 2025.. 31 March 2025 Alumni Mentorship Programme: Campus Placement Orientation - I MBA The campus placement process is often regarded as the fastest route to securing a corporate job, bypassing the rigorous challenges.. 29 March 2025 Learn to Lead Interactive Session on Supply Chain Management Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the “Learn to Lead” session, held on March 29, 2025.. 27 & 28 March 2025 Abhigyan 2025 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 20 & 21 March 2025 Abhigyan 2025 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, titled Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 10 March 2025 Expert Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management underscored the three pillars of a fulfilling life—mind, body, and emotions, highlighting the profound influence.. 07 & 08 March 2025 National level MDP on Fintech for the Next Generation: Innovation, Security, and Financial Inclusion Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully organized a two-day Management Development Program (MDP).. 21 & 22 February 2025 Synectics - Intercollegiate Management Fest Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized Synectics 2025, an event held on February 21st.. 15 February 2025 NSE Empowerment Series- Blockchain Technology: Transforming Financial Markets, FinTech, and Financial Inclusion - Bridging the Gap On February 15, 2025, Mr. Seshadrinathan delivered an insightful lecture on the impact of Blockchain technology.. 15 February 2025 Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management had the privilege of hosting Mr. Mrudul Mudotholy, Director of Mobility & Industrial Solutions at Myelin.. 14 February 2025 Curriculum in Practice – Learning & Development for New Age Organisations Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted the lecture on Training and Learning Design provided valuable insights into structuring effective.. 11 February 2025 Talento 2024 Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted Talento 2024 for the PGCET batch, bringing together 200 first-year MBA (PGCET).. 07 February 2025 International Lecture Series (ILS) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management on February 7th, 2025, organized an International Lecture Series on Business Model Innovation.. 03 February 2025 Student Enrichment Program (SKEP): Union Budget 2025 - 2026 Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, MBA students conducted the Student Knowledge Enrichment Program on Union Budget 2025.. 25 January 2025 Social Outreach Program Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, through its commitment to social responsibility and community engagement, undertakes various initiatives.. 25 January 2025 NSE Empowerment Lecture series on – “Artificial Intelligence on Financial Markets FinTech in Wealth Management” Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an enlightening session on [insert event date], featuring Mr. Raj G, an Industry Trainer from the National.. 04 January 2025 Learn to Lead Series On January 4, 2025, Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched its inaugural session of the 'Learn to Lead' interaction series, a platform designed.. 16 and 17 January 2025 KRISYM 2025 18th Edition of KRISYM 2025 Future of Business Resurgence: Embracing AI and Automation The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in collaboration with Trinity Western University, Canada.. 11 January 2025 NSE Empowerment Lecture series on -“Evolution of Financial Markets in the Digital Era and Opportunities and Challenges in the Digital Banking Revolution” Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an insightful session on January 11, 2025.. 06 to 08 January 2025 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP) is an annual initiative designed to enhance self-awareness.. 06 to 10 January 2025 Mastering Tally: A Five-Day Workshop for MBA Students The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, organized a comprehensive Five-day Tally Workshop from January 6th to 10th, 2025.. 03 January 2025 A Tribute to the transformational leader - Dr Manmohan Singh The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a heartfelt tribute to Dr. Manmohan Singh, the former Prime Minister of India.. 16 to 18 December 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION D, 2024-2026) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP) is an annual initiative.. 16 December 2024 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an International Lecture Series (ILS) session with Prof. Siva Muthaly, Adjunct Faculty at Western Sydney.. 12 December 2024 International Lecture Series The School of Management organized an insightful session for its first-year MBA students from Sections A, B, and C on December 12, 2024.. 09 to 12 December 2024 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Leadership Development Program (LDP).. 15 Jun to 07 Dec 2024 Natural Language Processing MBA 2023-2025 – Section B, C & D The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College, in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK, organized a Certificate Course on Natural Language.. 09, 10 & 11 Dec 2024 Talento 2024 Talento 2024 was inaugurated by the chief guest, Ms. Majella Baptist, Head of People Development at OSB India Private Limited.. 07 December 2024 Shubh Aarambh - Inauguration of Annual Academic Year 2024-2025 The inauguration program for the first-year MBA and MCA PGCET students of the School of Management and the Department of Computer Science (PG).. 02 December 2024 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of Academic Year 2024-2025 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a grand event called "Shubh Aarambh," welcoming 2nd-year MBA students to their academic journey.. 29 & 30 November 2024 National level MDP on Fostering Resilience in People Management: Navigating Through Disruption and Change The program aimed to equip participants with practical tools and strategies to foster resilience in managing teams during periods.. 28 November 2024 Visit to the Resil Chemicals, Bengaluru The industrial visit to Resil Chemicals Pvt. Ltd. was a valuable experience for I year MBA students, C section. 26 November 2024 National Constitution Day Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous hosted a National Constitution Day program on 26 November 2024.. 25 November 2024 Visit to the Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Bengaluru Kristu Jayanti School of Management's MBA students, A section, visited the Hewlett Packard (HP) Data Centre, a global leader.. 14 & 15 November 2024 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Program (RIP) on November 14–15, 2024.. 26 November 2024 Commemoration of National Constitution Day On National Constitution Day, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a program to promote awareness and respect for the Indian Constitution.. 22 November 2024 Kristu Jayanti College Hosts Exclusive Faculty Empowerment Session in Collaboration with NSE Academy and FMI, Canada Kristu Jayanti College, in association with NSE Academy and the Financial Modeling Institute (FMI), Canada.. 19 November 2024 Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas The Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated the Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas on November 19, 2024. The panel of MBA students discussed.. 13 November 2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched the NSE Empowerment Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, in collaboration with NSE Bangalore, launched the NSE Empowerment Lecture Series, an initiative aimed at providing students with industry.. 11 November 2024 National Education Day Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated National Education Day on November 11, 2024, in honor of Shri Maulana Abul Kalam Azad's vision for educational equity.. 05 to 12 November 2024 FDP on Python for Machine Learning and Data Visualizations Kristu Jayanti School of Management successfully conducted a seven-day Faculty Development Program on "Machine Learning and Data Visualization.. 29 October 2024 Rashtria Ekta Diwas-National Unity Day 2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated National Unity Day on October 29, 2024, in honor of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.. 26 October 2024 BNI Billionaires - Career Talk The second edition of the BNI Billionaires Career Talks was held at the School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru.. 01-09 October 2024 FDP on ‘Mastering Data Analysis with SPSS and Structural Equation Modelling’ The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru organized a National Level Faculty Development Programme (FDP).. 15 October 2024 Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat: Celebrating the Diversity of India The 'Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat' (EBSB) programme, launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 31, 2016.. 10 October 2024 A Tribute to the Legend – Padma Vibhushan Ratan N Tata The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a tribute to Padma Vibhushan Late Ratan N. Tata, a revered industrialist in India.. 09 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning for I MBA C Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a one-day Leadership Outbound Training program for first-year MBA students.. 05 October 2024 Awareness Session on UGC NET for MBA Students Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, and Centre for UGC and CSIR NET/JRF training conducted an orientation session for MBA.. 05 October 2024 Book Review Presentation Kristu Jayanti College's MBA program has organized a Book Review event to enhance students' intellectual growth and professional development.. 04 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning for I MBA B Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a one-day Leadership Outbound Training program for first-year MBA students.. 03 October 2024 Leadership Outbound Traning Outbound training is a crucial method for students to develop essential skills like communication, teamwork, leadership, and problem-solving.. 03 October 2024 Book Review Presentation The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College held a Book Review Presentation activity for MBA students on October 3, 2024.. 01 October 2024 Gandhi Jayanti Celebration- International Day of Non-Violence The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College held a Book Review Presentation activity for MBA students on October 3, 2024.. 24 September 2024 Vinimay Leadership Series Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in association with the Department of Computer Science and Business Standard.. 20 September 2024 Mentoring on Innovation and Startup Ecosystem Kristu Jayanti School of Management, conducted an informative session on Mentoring on Innovation and Startup Ecosystem for MBA students.. 19 September 2024 Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS for MBA students on September 19, 2024.. 19 September 2024 Orientation on Poverty Alleviation Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an orientation session on poverty alleviation for the MBA Batch of 2024-26.. 19 September 2024 Orientation on Gender Equality Awareness and Sensitisation Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on Gender Equality Awareness and Sensitization.. 18 September 2024 Awareness Session on Interpersonal Relationships The School of Management held an Awareness Session on Interpersonal Relationships for first-year MBA students on September 18th, 2024.. 18 September 2024 Awareness Session on Viksit Bharat@2047 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an awareness session on "Viksit Bharat" for MBA students.. 18 September 2024 Sensitization campaign on Govt Schemes Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a sensitization campaign on government schemes to raise awareness among students.. 17 - 20 September 2024 Functional English for Managers Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the English department at Kristu Jayanti College organized Functional English for Managers sessions.. 13 September 2024 Student Induction Programme on “Environmental Concern & Go Green Initiatives” for Sec A, B & C Kristu Jayanti College's School of Management held a Student Induction Programme on “Environmental Concern & Go Green Initiatives”.. 13 September 2024 Orientation on Civic Sense The School of Management conducted an orientation on civic sense for first-year MBA students in Section A, B, and C.. 13 September 2024 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management marked a significant milestone with the launch of its first lecture under the Academia-Industry Innovative Series.. 13 September 2024 Financial Planning & Literacy Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management held an orientation on Financial Planning & Literacy for first-trimester MBA students.. 13 September 2024 Orientation on Awareness on UNSDG Goals Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on UNSDG goals for MBA students on September 13, 2024.. 11 September 2024 Case Study Presentation Kristu Jayanti College organized a Case Study Presentation on 11th September 2024 for the MBA students of the 2024 batch.. 10 September 2024 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a business plan competition in partnership with the Institution's Innovation Council (IIC).. 31 Aug to 07 Sep 2024 AMR Workshop - MBA Batch 2023-25 D & E Sec Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a four-day Applied Management Research Workshop for the 2023-25 MBA batch.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Drug Abuse Professor Dr. Baba Gnanakumar emphasized the importance of family and healthy habits in preventing drug abuse and maintaining.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Civic Responsibilities The faculty's orientation program on Civic Responsibilities, led by Dr. Devika Rani, attracted 152 students.. 31 August 2024 Orientation on Hygiene and Health Kristu Jayanti School of Management held an informative session on Hygiene and Health on August 31, 2024.. 30 & 31 August 2024 Ventura 2024 Business Plan Competition (Intra) The Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the Institution Innovation Council (IIC) organized the VENTURA 2024.. 29 August 2024 Orientation on Article Review Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an orientation session on article review on August 29, 2024... 27 August 2024 38th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition 2024: Globally Competitive Karnataka – Partnerships for Sustainable and Inclusive Growth Bengaluru, August 27, 2024 – Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru, was the proud host of the 38th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle.. 22 August 2024 Business Plan Orientation On August 22, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on 'Business Plan Orientation... 19 - 23 August 2024 Lean Six Sigma Training Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized the Six Sigma Green Belt training as a comprehensive five-day course designed to equip participants.. 19-21, 26-28 Aug, 02-04 Sep, 2024 Mini Project Presentation for Sec A, B & C Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted mini project presentations on various business topics, focusing on transitioning from Industrial Revolution.. 19 to 21 August 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION A, 2024-2026) The Leadership Development Programme is an annual initiative for first-year MBA A Section students to enhance self-awareness and leadership skills.. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Bharatiya Knowledge System The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College has organized a Value Added Course (VAC) on the Bharatiya Knowledge System (BKS).. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Universal Human Values - II Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management conducted a 30-hour Value Added Course (VAC) on "Universal Human Values - II".. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Applications of Metaverse in Business Kristu Jayanti College's MBA Batch of 2024-26 is preparing for the upcoming Value Added Course (VAC) on "Applications of Metaverse in Business".. 16 to 30 August 2024 Value Added Course on Holistic Wellness The wellness course was designed to provide students with an understanding of various wellness dimensions, including physical, mental, social, financial.. 14, 26, 27 & 28 August 2024 Strategic Management Course Major General Ravi Murugan's guest lecture series on strategic management explored emerging trends and challenges, focusing.. 12, 13, 14 & 16 August 2024 Life Skills for I Gen Executives Life skills education is a crucial component of the MBA program, designed to enhance academic and professional competencies while fostering personal.. 12 August 2024 Visit to the Times of India Press, Bengaluru The visit began at 2:00 pm with a formal introduction to the Times of India, including their rich history and significant milestones, presented by Mr. Ajith Sanil.. 09 August 2024 Orientation programme for the new MBA batch of 2024-26 The School of Management held an orientation program on August 9, 2024, to welcome the new MBA batch of 2024-26.. 09 August 2024 Introduction to Minor Project Prof. Stephen Deepak, from the Faculty of School of Management, conducted a session for first-year MBA Sec A,B,C students.. 09 August 2024 Orientation on Book Review A book review orientation session was conducted by Prof. Stephen Deepak, a faculty member at the School of Management.. 05, 10, 19, 24 August 2024 Orientation on Book Review A book review orientation session was conducted by Prof. Stephen Deepak, a faculty member at the School of Management.. 01 August 2024 Expert Lecture Series On August 1st, 2024, Dr. Arun Kumar Rath led an Expert Lectures Series for MBA first-year students at the Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 31 July 2024 Industrial / Field Visit to TVS Motors, Hosur, Tamil Nadu Kristu Jayanti College, Bengaluru, conducted its second industrial visit for Sec A students of the 2023-2025 batch on July 31, 2024.. 29, 30 July to 03, 13 Aug 2024 AMR Workshop - MBA Batch 2023-25 A, B & C Sec Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a four-day Applied Management Research Workshop for the 2023-25 MBA batch.. 19 June to 27 July 2024 Ventura 2024 Business Plan Competition (Intra) Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in partnership with the Institution Innovation Council (IIC), organized the annual Intra-School Business Plan Competition.. 26 July 2024 Leaders on Campus Lecture Series - Intra College Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous and The Times of India organized the inaugural Leaders on Campus Lecture Series on 26th July 2024.. 19 July 2024 Project Orientation-1 The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Project Orientation program for first-year MBA students on July 19th, 2024.. 11 July 2024 Workshop on R and Phython for Finance Kristu Jayanti School of Management and NSE Academy held a workshop on R and Python for Finance for Fintech students on July 11th, 2024.. 25 June 2024 Workshop on “Career: Navigating Your Future” This report dives into the invaluable insights shared by esteemed alumni during a recent career workshop.. 21 June 2024 International Yoga Day Yoga for Self and Society On June 21, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management and Kristu Jayanti College of Law jointly organized a yoga session on International Yoga Day.. 15 June 2024 CXO CONCLAVE - 2024 Future of Work: Thriving in the era of VUCA World Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with C-suite professionals, from various industries in presence.. 11 June 2024 Project Orientation II Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a project orientation for the first-year MBA students of the 2023-25 batch on June 11, 2024.. 07 June 2024 Project Orientation-1 On June 7th, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a Project Orientation program for first-year students. Dr. Joseph Charles D led.. 06 June 2024 AIIS - Navigating the Professional Landscape: Workforce Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Godwin Paul, Strategy Associate at International Schools Partnership Limited.. 04 June 2024 Workshop on Curriculum Vitae (CV) Preparation On June 4th, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a placement-oriented program session focused on CV creation to bridge the gap.. 28 May 2024 Placement Orientation On May 28, 2024, the Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted a placement orientation to bridge the gap between academic learning and professional employment.. 24 and 25 May 2024 MDP on Supply Chain Resilience for Sustainable Business The Management Development Program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, themed Supply Chain Resilience for Sustainable Business.. 14 May 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) - Indo-French Relations The Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG organized an international lecture series on May 14, 2024.. 02 - 31 May 2024 Abhigyan 2024 – Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts.. 29 & 30 April 2024 Natural Language Processing (MBA 2022-24 - Section C) Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in collaboration with the Institute of Analytics, UK, orchestrated Python Programming classes tailored for the students.. 20 Jan - 20 Apr 2024 Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence Kristu Jayanti School of Management, in partnership with the Institute of Analytics, UK, orchestrated Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.. 27 April 2024 HR Conclave Agile HR - Embracing Flexibility and Adaptability in HR Practices Kristu Jayanti College in Bengaluru successfully executed an HR Conclave on Agile HR-Embracing Flexibility and Adaptability in HR Practices on 27th April, 2024.. 16 April 2024 Curriculum in Practice Economic Integration - Global Business Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a Curriculum in Practice (CIP) session for second-year MBA students on April 10th, 15th, and 16th, 2024.. 10 April 2024 Career Workshop The report discusses the insights shared by esteemed alumni during a recent career workshop... 08 April 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) Russia-India Friendship: from Glorious Past to Promising Future The International Lecture Series at Kristu Jayanti College in Chennai, India, featured a guest speaker, His Excellency Oleg Nikolaevich Avdeev.. 06 April 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The Alumni Meet, comprising MBA batches from 2008-10, 2010-12, 2011-13, 2012-14, and 2013-15, took place on April 6, 2024.. 01 April 2024 Expert Lecture Series on Mantras for Building a career that you Want On April 01, 2024, Mr. Debashish Ghosh, Senior Vice President and Country Head – HR, Berkadia, delivered an expert lecture.. 23-25 March 2024 Incognito 2024 - Business Quiz Competition Incognito 2024, an intra-department business quiz competition for MBA students, was held on March 25, 2024.. 23 March 2024 AIIS Career in Finance and Auditing & Health Care Analytics Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an interaction session on March 23rd, 2024, featuring industry experts Mr. Prasad K Dhulipalla and Mr. Srikanth.. 21 & 22, March 2024 Intra-Collegiate Management Fest - Talento - Corporate Screening’ 23 The 18th edition of the Intra-collegiate Management Fest, TALENTO 2023, was organized by Kristu Jayanti School of Management, Bengaluru.. 22, March 2024 Abhigyan 2024 - Learning Management Through Theatre The Theatre in Management Education programme at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, known as Learning Management Concepts through Theatre.. 20 March 2024 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) on March 20, 2024.. 16 March 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The School of Management, in collaboration with the Kristu Jayanti Alumni Association, hosted the Alumni Meet for the MBA.. 15 & 16 March 2024 MDP on Ethical Leadership and Corporate Social Responsibility The Management Development Program at Kristu Jayanti School of Management, titled Ethical Leadership and Corporate Social Responsibility.. 11 March 2024 Knowledge Exchange Program On March 11, 2024, the School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College and Saint Joseph's Business School, Palai, organized a Knowledge Exchange Program.. 06 March 2024 International Lecture Series Leadership and Values in Life On March 6, 2024, Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an International Lecture to shape the global competencies of emerging managerial talent.. 04 to 06 March 2024 Awareness on “Mera Pehla Vote Desh Ke Liye” The School of Management conducted a comprehensive awareness campaign "Mera Pehla Vote Desh Ke Liye" to educate and inspire students, particularly first-time.. 01 March 2024 Expert Lecture Series On Psychobiology in Strategic Management Enhancing Decision Making & Leadership in Professional Settings Kristu Jayanti School of Management in Bangalore hosted an Expert Lecture on 'Psychobiology in Strategic Management' on March 1, 2024.. 28 February 2024 Vinimay Leadership Series - Born to Lead The School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG organized an expert talk on key mantras for successful leadership on February 28, 2024.. 26 February to 04 March 2024 Faculty Development programme on National Online (Marketing Analytics) The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on Marketing Analytics.. 27 February 2024 Industrial / Field Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi On February 27th, 2024, students from Section B of the first-year MBA program visited Plant 11 of Sansera Engineering Ltd.. 20 February 2024 NIAS-KJC Europe Lecture Series The Europe lecture at Kristu Jayanti College began with a video introduction, followed by a prayer led by the college choir.. 19-21 February 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION E) The Leadership Development Programme is conducted every year to work on the self-understanding and leadership development attributes among the students.. 16 February 2024 Curriculam In Practice - Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a Continuous Improvement Program (CIP) for MBA students in 2021-2023.. 12-14 February 2024 Leadership Development Programme (MBA - SECTION D) The Leadership Development Programme was to improve the students’ leadership, and individual characters first-year MBA E Sec (2023 - 2025 group).. 12 February 2024 Expert Lecture Series (ELS) on Go to Market in FMCG Business On February 12, 2024, the School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College hosted a lecture on "Go to Market in FMCG Business" by Associate Vice President.. 08-09 February 2024 Life Skills For Igen Executives Dr. Jonas Richard, Director of CLSE, introduced the 10 core life skills, including self-awareness, empathy, creative thinking.. 07 February 2024 Inter Collegiate Management Fest Synectics - 2024 Synectics 2024, the 17th National-level Intercollegiate Management Fest, was held on February 7, 2024, at the School of Management.. 07 February 2024 International Lecture Series Operation Strategy, Value Chain and Strategic Alignment Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management orchestrated the International Lecture Series, commencing with a gracious introduction.. 05, 06 & 07 February 2024 Curriculum in Practice Organisational Design Development and Change The Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a three-day Curriculum in Practice for second-year MBA students in February 2022-2024.. 03rd February 2024 Alumni Batch Interaction The Alumni Meet for MBA Batches 2020-22 & 2021-2023, organized by the School of Management and the Kristu Jayanti Alumni Association.. 02nd February 2024 Panel discussion on Union Budget 2024-25 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a panel discussion on the Union Budget 2024-25 on February 2, 2024.. 02nd February 2024 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme - SKEP The Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) at the School of Management organized a panel discussion on the Union Budget 2024-25.. 01st February 2024 Expert Lecture Series (ELS) on Future of Higher Education in The World of AI In a thought-provoking session organized by the School of Management and the Department of Computer Science PG at Kristu Jayanti College.. 20th January 2024 IOA Certificate Course on Big Data Analytics Kristu Jayanti College's School of Management and the Institute of Analytics, UK, have organized programming classes on Big Data Analytics.. 20th January 2024 Professor of Practice Course: Marketing Analytics Topic: Social Media Analytics On January 20, 2024, Mr. Sanjay Gobinath conducted a Social Media Analytics session to provide participants with a comprehensive understanding.. 11th to 12th January 2024 Silver Jubilee International Conference KRISYM 2024 The 16th edition of KRISYM, the Silver Jubilee International Conference, took place on January 11 and 12, 2024,.. 10th to 24th January 2024 Curriculam in Practice Topic: Retail Operations Management Mohan Kuruvilla, a retail expert from IIM Bangalore, discussed the retail industry's evolution from physical stores to online platforms.. 09th January 2024 International Lecture Series (ILS) on Branding, Sustainability and Leadership Kristu Jayanti School of Management in Bangalore hosted an International Lecture on 'Branding, Sustainability, and Leadership'.. 06, 08 & 10 January 2024 Curriculum in Practice Logistics and Distribution Management Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a Curriculum in Practice (CIP) for second-year MBA students on January 6th, 8th, and 10th, 2024.. 06th January 2024 Student Panel Discussion on Viksit Bharat @ 2047 Kristu Jayanti School of Management held a student panel discussion on January 6, 2024, focusing on the theme 'Viksit Bharat @ 2047'.. 03-17 January 2024 Certificate Course on Tally Prime Release 4.0 Kristu Jayanti School of Management and Edify Institute have launched a comprehensive Tally training program.. 18th to 20th December 2023 Talento 2023 - Intra-collegiate Management Fest The 18th edition of the intra-collegiate management fest, TALENTO 2023, concluded with immense success at Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 08th December 2023 Expert Lecture on Gen AI and Business Impact Kristu Jayanti School of Management, Bangalore, conducted a thought-provoking Expert Lecture on 'Gen AI and Business Impact' on December 08, 2023.. 05th & 06th December 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) ONDC-Digital Business for New India Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in collaboration with the Retailers Association of India (RAI), successfully conducted a two-day Management.. 01th December 2023 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of Academic Year 2023-2024 Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a grand event called "Shubh Aarambh" for 2nd-year MBA students.. 25thNovember 2023 National Constitution Day On November 25, 2023, Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a comprehensive program to commemorate Indian Constitution Day.. 22th - 30th November 2023 FDP on on “Machine Learning and Data Visualization Using python” The School of Management at Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on "Machine Learning and Data Visualization.. 17thNovember 2023 Career Talks in various Business Domains Kristu Jayanti School of Management and the BNI Foundation held a "career talks" session on November 17, 2023.. 16thNovember 2023 Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas Kristu Jayanti School of Management held Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas to honor tribal freedom fighter Birsa Mund.. 10th & 11thNovember 2023 Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Rural Immersion Programme (RIP) on November 10th and 11th, 2023.. 08thNovember 2023 Industrial Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi (Section C) Kristu Jayanti School of Management conducted an industrial visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Plant II in Bidadi.. 07thNovember 2023 Industrial Visit to Sansera Engineering Ltd, Bidadi (Section A) On November 7th, 2023, first-year MBA students visited Plant 11 of Sansera Engineering Ltd. in Bidadi, Bengaluru, Karnataka.. 04thNovember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Ronald Valsalan, HR Senior Lead Executive at EY and an alumnus.. 03thNovember 2023 Vigilance Awareness Week 2023 On November 3, 2023, Kristu Jayanti School of Management celebrated Vigilance Awareness Week in honor of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, a prominent figure.. 10thOctober 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an interaction with Mr. Aashish Philips Benjamin, Business Operation Officer, ANZ.. 07thOctober 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Alumini Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an interaction with Mr. Vivek Gowda, Manager – Operational Excellence, LSEG (London Stock Exchange Group).. 02ndOctober 2023 Gandhi Jayanti Celebration Kristu Jayanti College organized Gandhi Jayanti celebration for the First Year MBA students (2023-2025) conducted by the faculties.. 01stOctober 2023 “Swachhata hi Seva” A social outreach program was organized at Kristu Jayanti College by the Department of Computer Science on 1st October 2023.. 30thSeptember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted an interactive session with Ms. Carol Pinto, Talent Acquisition Partner at Cerner India and an alumna.. 30thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Entrepreneurial Competencies for Economic Empowerment Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on, ‘Entrepreneur Competencies for Economic Empowerment’. Dr .D. Ravindran, School of Management.. 27thSeptember 2023 Workshop on E-Learning Using KJC-LMS Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a workshop on LMS. Dr. D. Ravindran, the faculty of the school of management.. 27thSeptember 2023 Vinimay Leadership Series A riveting expert talk on Leadership, Motivation, and the Science of making Organizational Change was organized and hosted by the School of Management.. 25th to 30th September 2023 Workshop on Functional English for Managers Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised a workshop on ‘Functional English for Managers’ for MBA I Trimester.. 25thSeptember 2023 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) - Lunar Journey of New India Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a session on the topic of the Lunar Journey of New India.. 19thSeptember 2023 Article Review Presentation Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an Article Review Presentation for the students of MBA I Trimester.. 30 Aug to 15 Sep 2023 Value Added Course IV: Sustainable Development Goals for Professionals Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a programme of 10 sessions during August 31 and September 15 on Sustainable Development.. 30 Aug to 15 Sep 2023 Value Added Course Universal Human Values Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized value-added courses from 30th August 2023 to 12th September 2023.. 15thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Gender Sensitization Kristu Jayanti School of Management hosted a session on Gender Sensitization with Dr. Sheeja Krishnakumar, Associate Professor, School of Management.. 13thSeptember 2023 Leadership Outbound Traning Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a leadership outbound training programme for the first year MBA students at Marthoma Youth Centre.. 09 thSeptember 2023 AIIS on Quality Consciousness - A Key to Success Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Dr. Narasimha Murthy MA, Senior Director, Quality Management, and Country Head - Global SWQ.. 08thSeptember 2023 International Lecture Series (ILS) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an international lecture for the first year MBA students of batch 2023-25.. 06thSeptember 2023 Workshop on Case Study Topic: Workshop on Learning through Case Studies Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a workshop on "Learning from Case Studies" with Dr. Baba Gnanakumar's, discussion.. 04,05 & 07 thSeptember 2023 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized the Leadership Development Programme to enhance the managerial and leadership.. 02ndSeptember 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Ideas about Leadership Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Deepak Menon who is a Leadership coach, Business Mentor & Social Impact Advisor.. 31 August to 15 Sep 2023 Value-Added Course (VAC) Design Thinking for Business Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Value-Added Course on the topic Design Thinking for Business for the first year.. 30 August to 12 Sep 2023 VAC on Climate Action and Disaster Risk Reduction Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a Value-Added Course on the topic Climate Action and Disaster Risk reduction for the first year MBA students.. 30th August 2023 Orientation On Research Article Review Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an Orientation on Research Article Review by Dr. P.C. Gita, Associate Professor.. 28, 29 & 31 August 2023 Leadership Development Programme The purpose of the Leadership Development Programme was to enhance managerial and leadership qualities among the students of the 1st year.. 26th August 2023 Academia Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Topic: Career & Life The Kristu Jayanti college school of management organized the Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS), it is a platform to connect the teachings.. 23 to 28, August 2023 Training on ‘Life Skills for iGen Executives’ Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized the training on ‘Life Skills for iGen Executives’.. 23rdAugust 2023 Case Study Presentation Kristu Jayanti School of Management had organized a group case study presentation for the students where they got a chance to showcase.. 21stAugust 2023 Shubh Aarambh Inauguration of the 1st Year MBA Batch 2023-2025 The much-awaited event, "Shubh Aarambh," marked the auspicious inauguration of the 1st Year MBA Batch for the academic years 2023-2025.. 20thJune to 25 August 2023 Value Added Course on Quantitative & Aptitude Skills Kristu Jayanti School of Management carried out a 60-hour Aptitude training programme in collaboration with Bizotic.. 22nd August 2023 Student Induction Programme-2023 Orientation On Book Review The orientation was organized by the School of Management, for the newly admitted students in the MBA batch – 2023 – 2025.. 22nd August 2023 Student Induction Programme Orientation to Minor Project The session was handled by Prof. Stephen Deepak, Faculty, School of Management. The session focused on the objectives of minor project.. 17th August 2023 SKEP on Harmful Effects and Legal Aspects of Ragging The Student Knowledge Enrichment Program, held on the 17th of August, was a significant initiative of the Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 11, 12 & 14 August 2023 Leadership Development Programme Kristu Jayanti College conducted a Leadership Development Programme to empower students to realize their dreams and improve their lives which was exclusively.. 05th August 2023 Project Orientation II The Project Orientation II was organised by Kristu Jayanti School of Management for 1st year MBA students, sections A, B, and C.. 04th August 2023 Research Workshop Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a research workshop under the guidance of Dr Justin Nelson Michael, Director, Centre for Research.. 09th August 2023 37th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition 2023: Elevating Quality, Empowering Teams to Lead and Succeed Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru hosted the 37th CII Karnataka State Level Quality Circle Competition organized by the Confederation.. 09th August 2023 International Lecture Series (ILS) on India-Uk Peace Relations and Commemorating Hiroshima and Nagasaki Day The program commenced with a warm welcome speech by Dr. MK Baby, the Head of School of Management.. 05th August 2023 Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on Rise And Survival Of Byju’s The School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous) Bengaluru effectively organized the Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP).. 21st & 22nd July 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) on Future Leaders: Embracing Change and Transformation School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru, in Collaboration with Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce (BCIC).. 20th July 2023 MBA Fintech Launch Programme Kristu Jayanti School of Management launched MBA in Fintech in collaboration with the National Stock Exchange (NSE) Academy, Mumbai on 20th July 2023.. 18th Jul to 19th Aug 2023 Ventura 2023 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with Institution Innovation Council (IIC), Kristu Jayanti College.. 14th to 22nd June 2023 Value Added Course on Quantitative & Aptitude Skills Kristu Jayanti School of Management carried out a 50-hour Aptitude training programme in collaboration with Bizotic which is a training and assessment.. 21st June 2023 Celebration of International Yoga Day 2023 Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with the Centre for YOGA and Wellness, commemorated World Yoga Day on 21st June 2023.. 05th to 27th June 2023 Ventura 2023 Business Plan Competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management in association with the Institution Innovation Council (IIC), Kristu Jayanti College, organized the annual Intra-School.. 05th June 2023 Business Plan Competition - Ventura 2023 Ventura 2023 is an annual intra-school Business Plan Competition organized by the School of Management in association with The Institution’s Innovation Council.. 05th June 2023 Placement Orientation On June 5, Monday, the Director of the Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR), Prof. Sen B Mathews, took the session on placement orientation.. 05th June 2023 Alumni Connect Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised Alumni Connect on the 5th of June 2023 for the first-year MBA students of the batch 2022-2024.. 05th June 2023 Celebration of World Environment Day- Plantation Drive The celebration of World Environment Day started in the School of Management with a Poster Competition promoting creativity and sustainable.. 11th May to 27th June 2023 Abhigyan 2023 - Learning Management Through Theatre ABHIGYAN - Learning Management Concepts through Theatre is one of the experiential learning platforms of Kristu Jayanti School of Management.. 26th & 27th May 2023 Management Development Programme (MDP) Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru in Collaboration with the Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FKCCI).. 18th to 25th May 2023 Faculty Development Program – Emerging Trends and Challenges in Management Education and Research The seven days Faculty Development Programme on Emerging Trends and Challenges in Management Education and Research was inaugurated on 18th May 2023.. 25th May 2023 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, organized an international lecture series on 25th May 2023.. 24th May 2023 International Lecture Series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management, organized an International Lecture Series (ILS) on Ethical Financing on 24th May 2023.. 23rd & 24th May 2023 Social Outreach Programme (Seva Sourabha) Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organizes a visit to Hope for Home Orphanage as a part of the social outreach programme (Seva Sourabha).. 22nd May 2023 Industrial Visit - Experiential Learning at Sansera Engineering Limited Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised an industrial visit on the 22nd of May 2023.. 20th May 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative series Kristu Jayanti College, School of Management organized Academia Industry Innovative series On May 20, 2023.. 15th to 27th May 2023 Knowledge Exchange Program with Appalachian State University, USA Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised the 5th Edition of the Knowledge Exchange Programme in collaboration with Appalachian State.. 08th May 2023 Webinar On Business Model Canvas Dr. D. Ravindran is an Assistant Professor at the School of Management and the Innovation Ambassador at the IIC Kristu Jayanti Incubation Centre.. 24th Apr to 02nd May, 2023 Faculty Development programme on Data Analytics using SPSS School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College organized a seven-day Faculty Development Programme on "Data Analytics Using SPSS".. 29th March 2023 Incognito, a business quiz competition Kristu Jayanti School of Management organised Incognito, a business quiz competition for MBA students.. 27th & 28th March 2023 Industrial Visit to Times of India Printing Facility Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), School of Management, Bengaluru, organised an industrial visit to the Times of India printing facility.. 02nd March 2023 G20 Presidency: Responsibilities and Opportunities Kristu Jayanti College (Autonomous), Bengaluru in Collaboration with Hony. Consular Corps Diplomatique-Bangalore Chapter.. 24th February 2023 Analysis of Hindenburg Research Report on Adani Enterprises Ltd The Student knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on "Analysis of Hindenburg Research Report on Adani Enterprises Ltd.. 07, 09, 17th February 2023 National Level Inter-Collegiate Management Fest Synectics 2023 Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a national level Inter-Collegiate Management fest Synectics 2023.. 13, 14, 15th February 2023 Leadership Development Program (LDP) Kristu Jayanti School of Management has organized an interaction with Prof. Anthony Williams, Founder & Director of ZEAL Institute, Bengaluru.. 07th February 2023 Life Skills Forigen Executives The life skills program for MBA students was designed to cover a range of topics essential for personal and professional growth.. 25th February 2023 Launch of - Banking and Finance Endowment Series Contemporary Trends in Banking Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized, the Banking and Finance Endowment Lecture series on the theme ‘Contemporary Trends in Banking’.. 07th February 2023 International Lecture Series Supply Chain Resilience School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized International Lecture Series on Supply Chain Resilience on February 07, 2023.. 04th February 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) on Banking as Career Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Pratheep Balraj J Head – The credit Risk Monitoring Department (Bangalore Zone).. 03rd February 2023 Panel Discussion On Union Budget 2023-24 School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized Student Knowledge Enrichment Programme (SKEP) on February 2nd, 2023.. 03rd February 2023 Panel Discussion on Union Budget 2023-24 School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College, Autonomous, Bengaluru organized a Panel Discussion on the Union Budget 2023-24.. 24th January 2023 Curriculum in Practice – Smart Manufacturing and Operations System Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized a CIP on 24th January 2023 for the second-year MBA students of batch 2021-2023.. 11, 17th & 23rd January 2023 Curriculum in Practice As part of the curriculum in practice, Dr. Ghadially conducted classes on designing organizational development interventions.. 03th & 04th January 2023 Curriculum in Practice – Foreign Exchange Management School of Management, Kristu Jayanti College organized a Curriculum in Practice an interactive session with the Professor of practice.. 12th & 13th January 2023 KRISYM 2023 - 16th International Conference Accelerating Growth through Enhancing Managing Competencies Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized ‘KRISYM 2023 the 16th International Conference on Accelerating Growth through Enhancing Managing Competencies.. 17th January 2023 National Youth Day National Youth Day, also known as Vivekananda Jayanti, is celebrated on 12th January every year, being the birthday of Swami Vivekananda.. 05th January 2023 Academia-Industry Innovative Series (AIIS) Kristu Jayanti School of Management organized an interaction with Mr. Ranjith Jose, Vice President and HR Head, Diageo on the 5th of January 2023.. Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/curriculum.php route:
------------------------------
MBA Curriculum | Kristu Jayanti University, Bengaluru, India contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests Curriculum Master of Business Administration (MBA) is a two year programme affiliated to the Bengaluru North University. The academic process comprises of six trimesters, with specialisation in functional areas from the third trimester. International Finance, Human Resources, Marketing, Finance, and Business Intelligence & Analytics are the specialisations offered. The curriculum comprises of core courses and specialisation courses. The students have to undergo an internship and project for a complete trimester for the partial fulfilment of the MBA degree. It is imperative that management education be not confined to the limits of the syllabi. Value Added Courses have been incorporated to provide industry updates, employability, and global competitiveness to the graduates. The following value added courses are offered in the School: Universal Human Values; Digital Tools for managers; Design Thinking for Managers; Data Analysis Using Spreadsheets; Tally Prime 2.2; Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Specialised employability training provided by the Centre for Employability and Corporate Relations (CECR) equips the MBA graduate to face the challenges of the future. Programmes Offered Master of Business Administration (MBA) MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Business Curriculum OBE Policy Programme Matrix Outcomes (PO, PSO, CO) Value Added Courses Learning Level Identification Mechanism Department Special Management Fests Best Practices Faculty Profile Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/training.php route:
------------------------------
Training and Development | Kristu Jayanti MBA, Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests Training The students are the future leaders of any nation. The training methodology aims to equip young minds with a global outlook to face the challenges of tomorrow and at the same time ensure they are guided by a set of values and beliefs that reflect the Indian ethos. The management, staff and the very atmosphere itself geared up to attain this goal. This is achieved through an all-round development of the intellectual, social, physical and spiritual spheres of life. The innovative education methodology adopted by the university assists the students in developing independent thinking, creative outlook and a balanced point of view. Training at Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management spans across the following programmes: Current Business Awareness Industrial Exposure Soft Skills Training Life Skills Education Attitudinal Workshop Mentorship System Out Bound Training Programme Training Industrial Exposure Outbound Leadership Training Life Skills Education Soft Skill Training Leadership Development Program Mentoring System Current Business Awareness Department Special Management Fests Best Practices Faculty Profile Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures goto QuickLinks My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/activities.php route:
------------------------------
MBA Activities | Kristu Jayanti University, Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests Activities To augment the traditional class room learning, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management conducts a series of activities and programmes to enrich the students with the required practical knowledge and also to inculcate the required skills and values to make them industry ready. The institute also provides students with an opportunity to show case the talents of the students, to work in teams under time pressure, to lead and also to plan, co-ordinate and organize various events of the Institute of Management. The entire two years of the programme is meticulously planned in such a way that students get enough opportunities to apply and reflect on their class room learnings. The following are the activities conducted at the Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management: Inter Collegiate Fests Intra Collegiate Fests Gramasamvedita International Conference Expert Lecture Series Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Lecture Series Faculty Development Programmes Management Development Programmes Business Quiz Contest Business Plan Contest Activities International Conferences International Lecture Series Expert Lecture Series Panel Discussion Digital Discourse through YouTube Rural Exposure Programme Faculty Development Programme Industry Institute Interface (3i) Inter Collegiate Fests Intra Collegiate Fests MDP Department Special Management Fests Best Practices Faculty Profile Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures goto QuickLinks My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/admission.php route:
------------------------------
MBA Admissions | Master of Business Administration at KJC contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests MBA Admission Programme Name Click the link below to view the respective Details Master of Business Administration (MBA) Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form MBA International Finance Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form MBA Business Analytics Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form MBA FINTECH Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form MBA International Business Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form MBA Strategic Finance Eligibility Criteria & Fee Structure Application Form Why MBA at Kristu Jayanti University? Holistic pedagogy based on attitude, skill, value and knowledge. Faculty diaspora from industry and academia. Option of dual specialization from International Finance, Human Resource, Marketing, Finance and Business Intelligence & Analytics. Flexibility of choosing elective papers for specialization. Appositive international exposure. International student exchange programmes. Interactive insights from global and national business leaders. Domain skill reengineering through certificate programs, seminars, conferences,MDP's. Value added courses based on industry certifications, life skills, and aptitude. Reinvigorating expert lectures. Industry savvy tech talks. Activity learning methodology based on planning, coordination and execution. Exquisite infrastructure including conference rooms, panel rooms, discussion rooms, auditorium and amphitheater. Excellent learning and leisure facilities. Spacious library with 24/7 access to e resources. Dedicated department for career grooming - CPCR. Focus on employability skill development. Vibrant Alumni network. Candidates who have explored our website, browsed through the details regarding our courses and are desirous of joining Kristu Jayanti University are requested to review our admission procedure, selection process, eligibility, guidelines and fee structure for the particular course. Candidates can either apply online (details are given on this page) or collect application form from the university office. All relevant information regarding admission will be published on this site and on university notice board. Admission MBA Admission Programmes Offered Eligibility & Fee Structure Admission International Students Online Fee Payment Details Online Application Form Click here to Apply online Application Fee MBA Programme: Rs 1500/- Documents Required For Interview & Admission PG Applicants Quick Links My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/mba.php route:
------------------------------
Kristu Jayanti Univeristy, Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests Welcome MBA Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management is a pioneer institute to pursue knowledge beyond the traditional boundaries. The School offers a two year full time MBA program spanning over Six Trimesters. The program is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and is affiliated to Bengaluru North University (BNU). The program seeks to impart quality professional management education drawing from global corporate experience with excellent student support services. The core and elective courses offered in the program equip the students to adapt effortlessly to the demands of professional management in their chosen career. The Graduates of the School will be able to: critically evaluate business problems and take decisions; demonstrate managerial and entrepreneurial skills; emulate professional ethics and values; engage in continuous professional growth and work and lead a cross-cultural corporate team. Programmes Offered Master of Business Administration (MBA) MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Business Curriculum OBE Policy Programme Matrix Outcomes (PO, PSO, CO) Value Added Courses Learning Level Identification Mechanism Department Special Management Fests Best Practices Faculty Profile Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures goto QuickLinks My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/mba_pgdm_international_finance.php route:
------------------------------
Kristu Jayanti University, Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests MBA International Finance MBA International Finance enables the students to obtain ACCA ( Association of Chartered Certified Accountants) qualification along with MBA programme. MBA –International Finance is eligible for gaining 9 paper exemptions out of 13 towards the ACCA Qualification, UK and the student has to write only 4 papers to qualify ACCA. ACCA - The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants - is the UK based professional accountancy body which is accepted and recognized in 183 countries. Programmes Offered Master of Business Administration (MBA) MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Business Curriculum OBE Policy Programme Matrix Outcomes (PO, PSO, CO) Value Added Courses Learning Level Identification Mechanism Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures goto QuickLinks My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

/MBA-Business-Intelligence-Analytics.php route:
------------------------------
Kristu Jayanti University, Bengaluru contact us search Home Curriculum Training Activities Admission Mandatory Disclosure Search Student Services Campus Admissions My Favorites Academic Calender Circulars Events TCS iON Mail Placements Enroll for an Event Department Special Industry Institute Interface (3i) International Exposure Rural Exposure Industrial Exposure Value Added Courses Theatre Fest Entrepreneurial Emphasis Student Life Management Fests B-Quiz Skill Development Leadership Through Outbond Training Current Business Awareness Activities Sports & Cultural Celebrations Achivements All Karnataka Online Social Entrepreneurship Challenge Management Fests MBA Business Intelligence and Analytics MBA with specialization in Business Intelligence & Analytics offered by the Institute of Management, Kristu Jayanti University, Bengaluru is accredited by the Institute of Analytics (IoA). The Institute of Analytics (IoA) is the UK-based professional body for Analytics and Data Science professionals across the world. IoA is a ‘not-for-profit’ organization that is committed to advancing the study, application and standing of Analytics and Data Science in society and they exist to promote greater awareness, understanding and innovation in Analytics. The IoA Accredited courses offer a fast-track route into ‘IoA full membership’ and certify that students who have completed the course possess the skills and knowledge required by employers. Under the IOA student membership, student will have access to over 350 online courses and webinars covering coding, governance and professionalism and communications. Students will also be able to connect with IoA members across the globe to share ideas and collaborate on projects by the community connections through the IoA portal. In collaboration with IoA, Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management offers MBA students with the following certificate courses: 1.	Python Programming 2.	Big Data Analytics 3.	Machine Learning and AI 4.	Natural Language Possessing The MBA curriculum involves a course on ‘Information Technology for Industry 4.0’ with hands on training on spreadsheet and ‘Business Analytics’ with hands on training on Tableau in the Trimester I and II respectively. The school offers the below 10 elective courses in the Trimesters III, V and VI: 1.	R for Data Science 2.	Python for Data Science 3.	SAS for Data Science 4.	MS Excel with SQL 5.	Computational Finance 6.	Human Resource Metrics 7.	Marketing Analytics 8.	Financial Modeling 9.	Supply Chain Analytics 10.	Human Resource Analytics The students who opt for single specialization in Business Intelligence & Analytics should opt all the 10 elective courses. The students who opt for dual specialization should opt for 5 courses out of the 10 elective courses. Programmes Offered Master of Business Administration (MBA) MBA International Finance MBA Business Analytics MBA FINTECH MBA International Business MBA Strategic Business Curriculum OBE Policy Programme Matrix Outcomes (PO, PSO, CO) Value Added Courses Learning Level Identification Mechanism Media Room Publications KJSOM Media Brochures goto QuickLinks My Favourites Department Special Student Life Achivements Facebook Admission 2025: Admissions are open for the academic year 2025-26 Apply Online ABOUT Founder | History Milestones | Core Values Vision, Missions & Goals Educational Philosophy Profile | Management Principal's Message ACADEMICS MBA  | MCA Computer Science Commerce | Management Life Science | Humanities Social Work | Psychology 1 Year PG Diploma Programme RESEARCH Centre for Research Publications | Consultancy Extension  | Patents Research Centre in Biotechnology Research Centre in Social Work Research Projects CAMPUS Academic Arena Library | Labs Library Epac Sports & games Hostel | ATM Cafeteria Download App Feedback SUBSCRIBE Kristu Jayanti Institute of Management © 2025 Kristu Jayanti (Deemed to be University), K Narayanapura, Kothanur, Bangaluru-560077, Karnataka.

==================================================

