Website Text Content for tiemdelhi
==================================================

/ route:
------------------------------
Home - Tiem Delhi Search for: About TIEM Why TIEM Accreditations Tritya Group Tritya Group of Institutions From the Director Desk From the Founder Desk Event Management Scope of Event Management World of Events Career in Events Event Opportunities Faculty Our Vision Our Mission Courses Offered Bachelors in Business Administration BBA in General BBA in Event Management & PR BBA in HR Management BBA in Banking and Finance BBA in Airport Management BBA in Hospitality Management BBA in Retail Management BBA in Sales Management Master’s in Business Administration MBA in Event Management & PR MBA in HR Management MBA in Hospitality Management MBA in Sales & Marketing MBA in Retail Management MBA in Banking and Finance MBA in Airport Management UG and PG Diploma Courses Diploma in Event Management PG Diploma in Event Management Diploma in Wedding Planning PG Diploma in Wedding Planning Diploma in Sport Management PG Diploma in Sport Management Diploma in Retail Management PG Diploma in Retail Management Diploma in Corporate Management PG Diploma in Corporate Management Diploma in Celebrity Management PG Diploma in Celebrity Management Certification Courses Wedding Planning & Designing 3 Month Wedding Planning & Designing 6 Month Wedding Planning & Designing Corporate Events Digital Marketing Artist Management Marketing Management Admissions Academics Programs (Courses) Courses after 12th Courses after Graduation Accreditations Academic Sessions Admissions How to Apply Apply Online Course Fee Enquiry Mode of Payment FAQs Scholarships TIEM Scholarships TIEMCET 2025 Early Bird Discount Merit Based Scholarships Education Loan Assistance Student Services Placement Cell Results Internship Support Workshops & Guest Lectures Industry Collaboration Placement and Alumini Our Alumini Our Achievers Job Portal Industrial Colaboration Form Our Recruiter Recent Placments Recent Internships Career in Events Our Faculty Life at TIEM TIEM Monthly in House Events Convocation Ceremony Freshers Party TIEM Student at Events TIEM Campus Certificate Distribution Media Coverage News & Events Testimonials Social Media Coverage Blogs Media Coverage Advertisements Contact Us About TIEM Why TIEM Accreditations Tritya Group Tritya Group of Institutions From the Director Desk From the Founder Desk Event Management Scope of Event Management World of Events Career in Events Event Opportunities Faculty Our Vision Our Mission Courses Offered Bachelors in Business Administration BBA in General BBA in Event Management & PR BBA in HR Management BBA in Banking and Finance BBA in Airport Management BBA in Hospitality Management BBA in Retail Management BBA in Sales Management Master’s in Business Administration MBA in Event Management & PR MBA in HR Management MBA in Hospitality Management MBA in Sales & Marketing MBA in Retail Management MBA in Banking and Finance MBA in Airport Management UG and PG Diploma Courses Diploma in Event Management PG Diploma in Event Management Diploma in Wedding Planning PG Diploma in Wedding Planning Diploma in Sport Management PG Diploma in Sport Management Diploma in Retail Management PG Diploma in Retail Management Diploma in Corporate Management PG Diploma in Corporate Management Diploma in Celebrity Management PG Diploma in Celebrity Management Certification Courses Wedding Planning & Designing 3 Month Wedding Planning & Designing 6 Month Wedding Planning & Designing Corporate Events Digital Marketing Artist Management Marketing Management Admissions Academics Programs (Courses) Courses after 12th Courses after Graduation Accreditations Academic Sessions Admissions How to Apply Apply Online Course Fee Enquiry Mode of Payment FAQs Scholarships TIEM Scholarships TIEMCET 2025 Early Bird Discount Merit Based Scholarships Education Loan Assistance Student Services Placement Cell Results Internship Support Workshops & Guest Lectures Industry Collaboration Placement and Alumini Our Alumini Our Achievers Job Portal Industrial Colaboration Form Our Recruiter Recent Placments Recent Internships Career in Events Our Faculty Life at TIEM TIEM Monthly in House Events Convocation Ceremony Freshers Party TIEM Student at Events TIEM Campus Certificate Distribution Media Coverage News & Events Testimonials Social Media Coverage Blogs Media Coverage Advertisements Contact Us +91–9910225389 +91–9717012303 +91–9990937354 Follow Us: Facebook Linkedin X-twitter Instagram Pinterest Welcome To Tritya Institute of Event Management (TIEM) - Admissions are Open for 2025-26 Academic Session in Various Event Management & Wedding Planning Programs. Call Now at +91 - 9990937354 / +91 - 9717012303 for the Internship and Placement Assistance in India's Top 10 Event Management Companies. Call Now at +91 - 9990937354 / +91 - 9717012303 to book your free Counselling Session. Online Registration Form FAQ Latest Results 9910225389 | 9717012303 admissions@tiemdelhi.com Facebook-square Linkedin X-twitter Instagram Pinterest Download About TIEM Why TIEM Accreditations Tritya Group Tritya Group of Institutions From the Director Desk From the Founder Desk Event Management Scope of Event Management World of Events Career in Events Event Opportunities Faculty Our Vision Our Mission Courses Offered Bachelors in Business Administration BBA in General BBA in Event Management & PR BBA in HR Management BBA in Banking and Finance BBA in Airport Management BBA in Hospitality Management BBA in Retail Management BBA in Sales Management Master’s in Business Administration MBA in Event Management & PR MBA in HR Management MBA in Hospitality Management MBA in Sales & Marketing MBA in Retail Management MBA in Banking and Finance MBA in Airport Management UG and PG Diploma Courses Diploma in Event Management PG Diploma in Event Management Diploma in Wedding Planning PG Diploma in Wedding Planning Diploma in Sport Management PG Diploma in Sport Management Diploma in Retail Management PG Diploma in Retail Management Diploma in Corporate Management PG Diploma in Corporate Management Diploma in Celebrity Management PG Diploma in Celebrity Management Certification Courses Wedding Planning & Designing 3 Month Wedding Planning & Designing 6 Month Wedding Planning & Designing Corporate Events Digital Marketing Artist Management Marketing Management Admissions Academics Programs (Courses) Courses after 12th Courses after Graduation Accreditations Academic Sessions Admissions How to Apply Apply Online Course Fee Enquiry Mode of Payment FAQs Scholarships TIEM Scholarships TIEMCET 2025 Early Bird Discount Merit Based Scholarships Education Loan Assistance Student Services Placement Cell Results Internship Support Workshops & Guest Lectures Industry Collaboration Placement and Alumini Our Alumini Our Achievers Job Portal Industrial Colaboration Form Our Recruiter Recent Placments Recent Internships Career in Events Our Faculty Life at TIEM TIEM Monthly in House Events Convocation Ceremony Freshers Party TIEM Student at Events TIEM Campus Certificate Distribution Media Coverage News & Events Testimonials Social Media Coverage Blogs Media Coverage Advertisements Contact Us About TIEM Why TIEM Accreditations Tritya Group Tritya Group of Institutions From the Director Desk From the Founder Desk Event Management Scope of Event Management World of Events Career in Events Event Opportunities Faculty Our Vision Our Mission Courses Offered Bachelors in Business Administration BBA in General BBA in Event Management & PR BBA in HR Management BBA in Banking and Finance BBA in Airport Management BBA in Hospitality Management BBA in Retail Management BBA in Sales Management Master’s in Business Administration MBA in Event Management & PR MBA in HR Management MBA in Hospitality Management MBA in Sales & Marketing MBA in Retail Management MBA in Banking and Finance MBA in Airport Management UG and PG Diploma Courses Diploma in Event Management PG Diploma in Event Management Diploma in Wedding Planning PG Diploma in Wedding Planning Diploma in Sport Management PG Diploma in Sport Management Diploma in Retail Management PG Diploma in Retail Management Diploma in Corporate Management PG Diploma in Corporate Management Diploma in Celebrity Management PG Diploma in Celebrity Management Certification Courses Wedding Planning & Designing 3 Month Wedding Planning & Designing 6 Month Wedding Planning & Designing Corporate Events Digital Marketing Artist Management Marketing Management Admissions Academics Programs (Courses) Courses after 12th Courses after Graduation Accreditations Academic Sessions Admissions How to Apply Apply Online Course Fee Enquiry Mode of Payment FAQs Scholarships TIEM Scholarships TIEMCET 2025 Early Bird Discount Merit Based Scholarships Education Loan Assistance Student Services Placement Cell Results Internship Support Workshops & Guest Lectures Industry Collaboration Placement and Alumini Our Alumini Our Achievers Job Portal Industrial Colaboration Form Our Recruiter Recent Placments Recent Internships Career in Events Our Faculty Life at TIEM TIEM Monthly in House Events Convocation Ceremony Freshers Party TIEM Student at Events TIEM Campus Certificate Distribution Media Coverage News & Events Testimonials Social Media Coverage Blogs Media Coverage Advertisements Contact Us Apply Now knowledge meets innovation Browse the Graduate degrees Graduate Unleashing Potential Fostering Excellence View Our Program Undergraduate Browse the undergraduate degrees knowledge meets innovation Browse the Graduate degrees Graduate Unleashing Potential Fostering Excellence View Our Program Undergraduate Browse the undergraduate degrees Estd. 2010 * Explore TIEM DELHI knowledge meets innovation Welcome to Tritya Institute of Event Management Tritya Institute of Event Management is the best event management institute in Delhi that provides career guidance and practical workshops for aspiring event managers all over the world. Established in 2010, Tritya Institute of Event Management (TIEM), Delhi, started its journey under Tritya Educational Trust with the ultimate vision to spread awareness among students who are seeking careers in Education fields such as Event Management, Wedding Planning, Public Relations, Hotel Management, Journalism & Mass Communication, Hospitality Management, Aviation, Travel and Tourism and so on.For decades, the Tritya Institute of Event Management has been the top event management institute in Delhi. By bringing in an award-winning curriculum, certifications, and partnerships with global brands, we’ll prepare you to stand out from the crowd and get guaranteed placement in one of the fastest-growing industries.If you want to build a distinguished career in Event Management, Join TIEM DELHI – The No. 1 Event Management Institute in Delhi, which stands right beside you every step of the way. You will be trained by industry experts, certified by internationally acclaimed bodies, and make a lasting impression on the people around you. Our Mission Our Vision About Us Start Your Journey with TIEM Delhi Today High Quality Education TIEM provides a comprehensive, innovative, and creative curriculum for training young professionals with discipline-level expertise in the field of Event Management. If you are switching careers or even starting out, begin at TIEMDELHI! Accreditation TIEM offers top-quality Degrees and Diplomas with accreditation and certification from Singhania University and Mangalaytan University, UGC, AICTE, and ISO that meet the needs of future event managers and executives, granting students a degree or diploma in event management. Updated Course Structure Our course curriculum, syllabus, and books have been revised annually for giving students updated approaches, skills, & cutting-edge techniques in every aspect of media, marketing, and events so that faculties can upgrade themselves to give students more industry-relevant training. World Class Faculties Our experienced and exceptionally qualified faculty at TIEM provide a well-rounded education on planning, organizing, and managing events along with in-depth knowledge of the different types of events along with unlimited practical exposure. Paid Industrial Training We offer Summer & Winter Internships to students to gain practical knowledge under TIEM's learning and earning program & get a stipend of ₹ 8k to 25k during their paid internships in Wedding Planning and Event Management companies. Monthly In-House Events TIEM's Students have monthly access to in-house events opportunities by working in production, design, decor, catering, photography, theme designing, lighting, and sound arrangements departments, to get guaranteed placements in upcoming placement rounds. Admission Open 2025 - 2026 Please Choose Program BBA MBA Diploma PG Diploma Short Term Courses Choose Specialisation Event Management Wedding Planning Celebrity Management HR Management Digital Marketing Sports Management Retail Hospitality Management Sales Airport Management Finance Hotel Management Send Top Ranked Students 90% Above Placement Success Rate Top 10 That Offer Event Learning Cum Earning No. 1 Event Management Institute Academics & Program Undergraduate BBA in General BBA in Sales Management BBA in Retail Management BBA in Human Resource Management Postgraduate PG Diploma in Wedding planning PG Diploma in Sports Management PG Diploma in Retail Management MBA in Banking & Finance Certification Courses WEDDING PLANNING 6 MONTHS CERTIFICATION COURSE WEDDING PLANNING 3 MONTHS CERTIFICATION COURSE Wedding Planning Our Courses Master of Business Administration – Event Management MBA in Event Management Duration – 2 Years Master of Business Administration (MBA or M.B.A.) in Event Management & PR. Tritya Institute of Event Management (TIEM) is one of the leading institutions in India offering certified MBA programs with specializations in Event Management & PR. Eligibility : Graduate or Equivalent Read More Bachelor of Business Administration – Event Management BBA in Event Managements Duration – 3 Years BBA (Bachelors of Business Administration) in Event Management & Public Relations are a Dynamic Undergraduate program which helps students to earn the degree in Event Management field. Eligibility : 12th Pass or Equivalent Read More UG Diploma in Event Management Diploma in Event Management ﻿Duration – 1 Year Due to the importance that the Entertainment Industry has acquired nationally and globally in terms of the organization and management of events, groups and conventions, as a profitable… Eligibility : Graduate or Equivalent Read More PG Diploma in Event Management PG Diploma in Event Management Duration – 1 Year Due to the importance that the Entertainment Industry has acquired nationally and globally in terms of the organization and management of events, groups and conventions, as a profitable and highly useful entity Eligibility : Graduate or Equivalent Read More Why choose TIEM When You Choose TIEM, you are Choosing the best event management college which is regularly considered one of the most lively campuses in India. let us help you earn a quality education that will advance your career. Best Event Management Institute in DelhiTIEM is the top event management institute in Delhi and ranked as the No.1 Event Management College in Delhi which is providing event management courses and wedding planning courses. Dual Specialisation in EventsAll TIEM's Diploma or Degree Programs come with Dual Specialisation and give you a choice of selecting your own specialization out of more than 16-18 modules like Event Management & Public Relations, Wedding Planning &Decor, Sales & Marketing, Banking & Finance, and Media & DigitalMarketing etc. 100% Guaranteed PlacementSince 2010, TIEM is the most targeted institute by top event management companies with a track record of 100% Guaranteed Placement Assistance for changing student lives and transforming society. Practical ExposureTIEM is the first and pioneered event management institute to start giving monthly in-house events to young aspirants for giving them ultimate practical training and event experience without imposing any cost on the student. Live Events ExposureTIEM is working on a uniquely practical approach by giving students 15% theoretical training and 85% practical training through unlimited live events exposure in destination weddings, corporate events, Musical Concerts, Fashion Shows, Reality shows, Sports Events, etc. For Indian by Indian85% of TIEM students choose to stay working in Indian Event Management & Wedding Planning Industry after their course completion. 15% of Students go abroad to achieve their dream career in events. Our Alumni's Our alumni are making their mark! From groundbreaking research to leading industries, their achievements inspire our current students and demonstrate the transformative power of a TIEM Delhi Institute. We’re proud of their journeys and the impact they’re making on the world. Our Placements Launching Futures. We’re proud of our students’ success. Explore the diverse range of leading companies where our graduates are making their mark. Campus Life Building a vibrant community of creative and accomplished people from around the world Convocation Ceremony Fresher Party 2023-24 Christmas Party 2024 Vedanta Half Marathon 2024 Masterchef Audtions Event 2024 Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Delhi Auditions 2024 Apply Now Please Choose Program BBA MBA Diploma PG Diploma Short Term Courses Choose Specialisation Event Management Wedding Planning Celebrity Management HR Management Digital Marketing Sports Management Retail Hospitality Management Sales Airport Management Finance Hotel Management Send How to Apply to TIEM If you have any questions or need assistance at any step of the application process, our admissions team is here to help. We look forward to welcoming you to TIEM. DO THE REGISTRATION Visit website fill the registration form, and pay ₹1000 via NEFT/RTGS/CARD/Demand Draft in favour of Tritya Educational Trust. 01 COURSE SELECTION ASSISTANCE Meet our counsellors (Mon–Sat, 10 AM–6 PM) for help in choosing Event & Wedding Management courses. 02 (TIEM - CET) / SCHOLORSHIP TEST After the registration and you will get the intimation for the Entrance / Sponsorship test through the email with relevant details required for the entrance test. 03 Scholarships and Financial Aid At Tritya Institute of Event Management (TIEM), we are dedicated to recognizing academic excellence and nurturing creative talent. Each semester, TIEM proudly offers a variety of scholarships and financial aid opportunities to support meritorious and deserving students. These awards are designed to motivate aspiring event management professionals and ease the financial burden of their education. We provide financial support to both undergraduate and diploma-level students through merit-based scholarships, performance incentives, as well as education loan and EMI options to make quality education more accessible. Know More Our Students Feedback My experience at Tritya Institute of Event Management is a really great and memorable one. TIEM’s Faculties are extremely experienced and helped me to enhance my academic and interpersonal skills. I am thankful to Training & Placement cell for providing a platform to enhance my event management skills and an opportunity to showcase them. I would like to recommend the TIEM, Best Event Management Institute in Delhi for your better future. Shubham Raj Chaurasia MBA in Event Management - 2025 TIEM, Delhi is great place to learn Event Management & Wedding Planning Skills in India. The relationship between faculties and student is very cordial, which gave me an opportunity to excel in my areas of interest. Our Placement and Internship Cell is very supportive, and they have conducted various training & mock interview sessions which helped me to get placed in Kimberly Weddings. Thanks, TIEM, for giving me great opportunity which I am loving the most. Sanchi Soni Diploma in Event Management I definitely would recommend TIEM DELHI and would encourage students to study hard and inform themselves as much as possible about the several academic opportunities the Institution offers. Our college takes the educational mission to heart, here you will find people that will support you and guide you on the path to your bachelor’s degree in Event Management. Annie Bathla BBA in Event Management - 2025 Tritya Institute of Event Management (TIEM DELHI) is worth applying because the faculty really puts a lot of effort into event & wedding planning students. When a student has a problem, the faculty would walk to their desk and help the student. In addition, the Special Revision Sessions also helps a lot if students have any questions after lecture or if they have problems with their practical training or assignments. Attending this college can also improve your English & Personality. For instance, there are not a lot of Hindi spoken students, so it forces people to speak in English. This will not only improve your English, but also gives you the courage to speak English. Riya Jain Post Graduate Diploma in Event Management - 2025 I'm so thankful that I chose TIEM DELHI. I cherish the moments spent under the guidance of eminent faculty members and college management. I'd recommend best event management institute in Delhi, every time. Thank you, TIEM for helping me & shaping my career to the next highs. Archi Chaudhary BBA in Event Management - 2025 I am so happy to be a part of TIEM, Delhi that feels like a family. My faculties were great and have pushed me to achieve whatever I wanted to in Event Management field. Without people like them, my dreams would have remained dreams. I'm thankful for TIEM’s love and support. Mansa Panda Post Graduate Diploma in Events - 2021 If you have dreams and willingness to learn the event management, wedding planning, then TIEM, Delhi is the place for you. I always feel very happy when it comes to talking about TIEM. I love the curriculum, world-class infrastructure, environment, and other facilities that make you ready for the professional world of Event Management. Thank you TIEM and giving me chance to be a Proud TIEM-ian! Varnikaa Aurora BBA in Event Management - 2025 TIEM DELHI has always believed in helping and guiding its students and it was no different during the placement season. Regular classes held at our college to help us with our wedding planning and practical skills were of great help. Our placement administration officers also guided and encouraged us at each step thereby helping me secure my placement at Karson International, such a reputed company. Shubham Singhal BBA in Event Management - 2025 Tritya Institute of Event Management, no doubt is the best event management institute in Delhi and provided us a very enhanced and efficient platform for the exposure to the event training and placement. I am very grateful to the TIEM for providing us the best of placement opportunities and finally I got placed in DNS Events, one of the top event management companies in India. Khushi Gupta BBA in Event Management - 2025 My life at Tritya Institute of Event Management, TIEM DELHI, made me stronger and took me a step ahead for being an independent person. I am thankful to all the teachers who always supported and corrected us throughout our MBA in Event Management program. I loved the infrastructure of TIEM DELHI and its Concept of giving Monthly In-House Events. These events that I took part helped me to grow my confidence level and event management skills. I would like to specially thank the placement cell for guiding me and providing me a good platform, the Pulse Events & Wedding for my career. Jasmeet Singh MBA in Event Management – 2025 I had an amazing time studying at TIEM DELHI, the comfortable event study & Wedding planning learning environment, friendly staff, and wonderful resources. There are so many event activities and live events offered by TIEM, that you could participate in along the way to get more campus life experience. You can join monthly in-house events, make more friends and so on. I am sure you will grow, improve yourself and become a better you. Keshav Verma MBA in Event Management TIEM DELHI is my second home. I have built great relationships with my batchmates, faculties, and friendly staff. Being at TIEM DELHI has been an amazing experience for me that has helped me grow personally and professionally. Sneha Jain MBA in Event Management - 2025 1,623 Faculty Members 50 Our Courses 50K Happy Students Nearly 27 Awards Upcoming Events Mangalaytan University Results – 2023-2024 Session TiemDelhi October 29, 2024 Read More » Singhania University – Results 2023 – 24 TiemDelhi October 28, 2024 Read More » Bharat Parv- Red Fort, Delhi TiemDelhi January 31, 2023 Read More » Festival & Lifestyle Exhibition- Mapple Gold Radisson Blue, Paschim Vihar TiemDelhi December 23, 2022 Read More » Comic Con Delhi 2022 TiemDelhi December 11, 2022 Read More » Fire India- India Expo Mart, Greater Noida TiemDelhi December 4, 2022 Read More » Event Management FAQs What is the basic eligibility criteria for MBA in Event Management? The basic eligibility criteria for MBA in Event Management is to have a bachelor’s degree in any stream with 50% marks from a recognized institution. What is the admission process to join Event Management Courses? The admission process for MBA in Event Management can be either based on merit or on entrances, depending upon the stream you choose. However, both Group Discussion and Personal Interview is the essential part of the admission process. What is the average cost of pursuing Event Management Courses? The average cost of pursuing BBA in Event Management is INR 1.60 per Year, MBA in Event Management ranges from INR 1.65 LPA. What is the average Event Management salary? The average Event Management salary after course completion in India ranges from INR 3 to 10 LPA. Which are the top recruiters of Event Management? Some of the top recruiters of Event Management are DNA Networks Pvt Ltd, 360 degrees, Cineyug Entertainment, Percept D Mark, Wizcraft International Entertainment Pvt. Ltd, E-Factor, Sita Conferences, etc. What is the MBA in Event Management scope in India? MBA in Event Management scope in India is that one can either go for numerous jobs available or can startup his own company. Who can join event management? Anyone can join event management course, whether a student, housewife’s, working professional, businessman or shop owners. An applicant needs to be hard working, outspoken, organized, a self- starter and customer service oriented. The applicant is expected to have a high level of energy and self-motivation to make career in the most glamours, prestigious and highly paid industry of event management. Does Tritya Institute of Event Management offer scholarships? Yes, the Institute offers scholarships to the meritorious students based on the merit list and scores in TIEMCET (TIEM Common Entrance Test). Video Testimonials Our students aren’t just learning; they’re thriving! Hear directly from happy learners about the supportive environment and transformative experiences at TIEM Delhi. LATEST BLOGS Whether you’re considering a foundation course or an undergraduate academics is a place. View All TiemDelhi January 23, 2024 Reasons Why You Should Pursue A career In Sport Management TiemDelhi June 16, 2025 Diploma in Event Management: A happiness in TiemDelhi March 25, 2024 How could you got the selection in TiemDelhi January 24, 2024 The Five P’s of Event Marketing Our Top Recruiters To prepare the students for their professional life, TIEM DELHI is dedicated to facilitating a strong foundation. The Event Management & Wedding Industry is creating future opportunities in India and overseas at a rapid rate, thus Tritya Institute of Event Management, has collaborated with many events management companies and wedding planning companies to identify their requirements for Internships and full-time Placements for students. Our reputation as the best event management institute in Delhi is based on our association with leading companies across all industries and our ability to recruit students in most reputable corporate companies & business organizations. Maintaining a strong bond with the Event Management Industry, TIEM students participated in live events throughout the year to get the regular hiring opportunity under the TIEM’s learning and earn paid internship and placement program. Make An Admission Now! Name Email Phone Location Courses Select Course BBA in Event Management BBA in Event Management Diploma in Event Management PGDEM Wedding Planning Courses Short Term Courses Courses Specialization Choose Specialisation Event Management Wedding Planning Celebrity Management HR Management Digital Marketing Sports Management Retail Hospitality Management Sales Finance Airport Management Hotel Management Message Send Message Tritya Institute of Event Management is the best event management institute in Delhi that provides career guidance and practical workshops for aspiring event managers all over the world. Established in 2010… Read More G - 5, 2nd Floor, South Extension Part - 1, Main Market, Opp. South Ex Metro Gate No. 02, New Delhi - 110049 E -19, 3rd Floor, South Extension Part - 1, New Delhi - 110049 +91–9910225389 +91–9717012303 +91–9990937354 admissions@tiemdelhi.com placements@tiemdelhi.com COURSES AFTER 12TH CLASS BBA in Event Management Bachelor of Business Administration Diploma In Event Management Courses after 12th Class PG Diploma In Wedding Planning BBA in Hospitality Management BBA General EVENT MANAGEMENT COURSES Event Management Scope of Event Management Event Management Courses Event Management Colleges Courses in Event Management Full Time Event Management Courses Full Time Event Management Courses Top College in Event Management Event Management Companies COURSES AFTER GRADUATION MBA in Event Management Master of Business Administration Master of Event Management Courses after Graduation PG Diploma in Event Management Postgraduate courses in event management Event Management Institute in Delhi SHORT TERM COURSES Certificate in Wedding Planning Certificate in Sports Events Certificate in Corporate Events Digital Marketing Course Certificate in Celebrity Management Certification in Event Management Best Event Institute in Delhi Short Term Courses Event Planning and Management QUICK LINKS How to Apply Online Admission Online Fee Submission Blogs Placements Alumini TIEM Faculty WEDDING PLANNING COURSES How to Become a Wedding Planner Wedding Planning Courses Wedding Planner School Wedding Event Management Wedding Management Event Planning Programs Wedding Planner Course Becoming a Wedding Planner Certified Wedding Planner Follow Us Facebook X-twitter Youtube Linkedin Instagram Pinterest Subscribe to the NewsLetter Your Email Subscribe © Copyright 2025. TIEM - Tritya Institute of Event Management All Rights Reserved. Online Registration Form FAQ Results Refund Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Request Information Please choose Program BBA MBA Diploma PG Diploma Short Term Courses Choose Specialisation Event Management Wedding Planning Celebrity Management HR Management Digital Marketing Sports Management Retail Hospitality Management Sales Finance Airport Management Hotel Management Submit Request

==================================================

